
apter 171 Surviving From A Perilous Situation
Xu Qing didn't have the habit of listening to others' last words, nor did he have any thoughts of accepting a slave. After all, the human heart was unpredictable. Rather than worrying about backlash in the future, it was better to directly kill the enemy.Towards enemies, his only thought from the start was… that a dead enemy was the safest.The faster he killed them, the safer he would be.This was more so when he was in the unfamiliar Red Plains. He had been lying low for over a month and had observed extremely carefully; he knew that because this place was too barren and the environment was harsh, even the Litu Sect would only come here occasionally to spread its teachings.At the same time, the nearest scavenger campsite in the vicinity was also 50 kilometers away. This caused the battle between Xu Qing and the Diamond Sect to be drowned in the snowstorm. There was a high chance that no one would notice it.Moreover, he had changed his appearance with a talisman, and his magic boat had been in a disguised form the entire time in the sect. The only person who had seen the real appearance of his magic boat was Zhang San.To be able to do all of this was already the limit that Xu Qing could reach in a short period. Although it wasn't perfect and there were still flaws, Xu Qing was clear that the reason why his trip could go smoothly was because the Diamond Sect's ancestor had misjudged the time he would arrive.The latter had also underestimated the speed of his growth.More importantly, the other party would never have thought that he possessed a divine attack that could seriously threaten Foundation Building cultivators!After all, divine creatures were rare to begin with and their value was astonishing. In order to build this magic boat, Xu Qing not only used the divine lizard skin but also spent ten thousand spirit stones.How could such preparation be lacking!The snowstorm roared, sweeping through every direction.The divine power from the magic boat gathered to the extreme. As Xu Qing lowered his right hand, the sharp spike at the front of the magic boat instantly shone with a piercing light that was suffused with golden light.Although the heavy snowflakes were like a curtain falling from the sky, they couldn't hide the holiness contained in the golden light.That holiness that seemed to be able to suppress souls and all living beings caused the Diamond Sect's ancestor's heart to beat rapidly. The fear in his eyes materialized and covered his thoughts, controlling his body and mind.Seeing that Xu Qing didn't give him the slightest chance to speak and the divine attack was about to destroy his body and soul, determination appeared in the Diamond Sect's ancestor's eyes. He suddenly roared and did something that Xu Qing never thought of even in his dreams.He actually… attacked himself just when Xu Qing's divine attack was about to erupt!The Diamond Sect's ancestor quickly slapped his forehead with his right hand in front of Xu Qing.He seemed to be afraid that he wouldn't be killed by a single palm strike, so he took out a saber with his left hand and stabbed it into his heart.He struck with such strength that the blade shattered as it pierced his heart.Countless sharp fragments carried his Foundation Building magic power and erupted crazily in his body.His forehead also shattered. Everything above his neck was gone.All of this happened in the blink of an eye. In the next moment, the headless and half-broken corpse of the Diamond Sect's ancestor fell from the sky…Xu Qing's eyes widened at this ridiculous scene."Nonhuman? Playing dead?"He looked at the corpse that had landed on the ground and felt that the aura on it was completely gone, as well as its dilapidated appearance. It clearly didn't have any life force.Xu Qing had never seen a situation where a human could still pretend to be dead after losing their head and having only half their body left.Moreover, the feeling he got from the other party wasn't that of a nonhuman race.This was the first time Xu Qing hesitated in a battle. He didn't know if he should waste the limited and precious divinity on the corpse…Even though he had killed many people since he was young, this was the first time he had encountered such a thing. As a result, he restrained the divine attack that was already prepared.Even so, he still waved his hand and water droplets appeared, heading straight for the Diamond Sect's ancestor's fragmented corpse and instantly squeezing it to make sure it was completely dead.The Diamond Sect's ancestor's broken corpse shattered even more and scattered all over the ground.An illusory soul shadow crawled out of the corpse that had landed on the ground. This soul shadow wasn't very clear and was a little shaky, as though it could dissipate at any moment.Upon closer inspection, even though it was very blurry, it still vaguely revealed the appearance of the Diamond Sect's ancestor. However, this soul shadow didn't look like it was dying. Instead, it had a hint of spiritedness.This was very contradictory. It was clearly blurry but it gave off a feeling of life in Xu Qing's perception.Xu Qing's eyes narrowed. The instant the killing intent in his eyes rose again, the Diamond Sect's ancestor's soul shadow suddenly headed straight for… the black iron stick that had landed on the ground not far away.In that instant, it was as though it had shuttled through the void as it directly appeared beside the iron stick. Its expression was filled with anxiety, as though it was in a race against life. It was afraid that it would be killed by Xu Qing before it could get close to the iron stick.  n0vel online free at 𝓷0𝓿𝓮𝓵𝓫𝓲𝓷 In the blink of an eye, the soul shadow completely fused into the iron stick. The black iron stick shook intensely. The black light on it became even denser and an even more intense chill erupted from it.In fact, there were even faint streaks of light flowing in all directions, as though an ordinary item had turned into a treasure!!This was the second time Xu Qing was stunned since the battle started.After he entered the Seven Blood Eyes, he no longer had a partial understanding of cultivation like he did back then. At this moment, when he looked at his black iron stick, his breathing became slightly hurried. He could tell at a glance what the change in his iron stick was."It gained an artifact spirit?"In this world, there were many differences between ordinary treasures and magic treasures. One of the differences was that… ordinary treasures didn't have spirits, and magic treasures had spirits. Of course, it didn't mean that an ordinary treasure with a spirit was a magic treasure. However, once it had an artifact spirit, it had the possibility of becoming a magic treasure!Xu Qing grabbed at the air. Immediately, the black iron stick whistled over to his hand. He stared at it coldly for a long time. His right hand sometimes exerted force and sometimes let go. After a few times, he fell even more silent.He could sense that his black iron stick indeed had an artifact spirit, and this artifact spirit… was the Diamond Sect's ancestor.The other party had used some unknown method to take the initiative to kill himself and transform his soul into an artifact spirit, and then entered the iron stick…"Get out here!" Xu Qing shouted in a slightly frustrated voice.Immediately, the iron stick trembled and the illusory shadow of the Diamond Sect's ancestor appeared. Looking at Xu Qing's expression, his body trembled and he hurriedly smiled apologetically."Master, what's the matter?"His words were very proficient and his expression was filled with flattery. There was no hint of unfamiliarity at all, as though he had practiced for a long time. In reality, that was indeed the case… The Diamond Sect's ancestor had been cautious all his life and did things steadily. He also liked to read ancient books. In the eyes of others, the thoughts he had were considered abnormal.However, he didn't think so. He was very clear that in this chaotic world, someone who couldn't even activate his Mystic Brilliance Form wasn't much. Moreover, his sect was too small, so it was very easy for him to become the first whetstone for those people with great luck.As for such a whetstone, in the countless ancient books the Diamond Sect's ancestor had read, all of them died miserably without exception. Not a single one of them survived. Hence, other than being horrified, he was also worried about his future.However, he couldn't bear to give up on everything and retire.Hence, many years ago, although he felt that there was a high chance that he wouldn't be so unlucky, in order to guard against the unexpected, he still made preparations. He secretly cultivated the incomplete technique he had obtained in a ruin when he was young.Ordinary people wouldn't cultivate this incomplete technique.This was because it only had one use, and that was to sacrifice oneself to become an existence like an artifact spirit.Moreover, the failure rate was extremely high. Once one failed, their soul would dissipate.However, the Diamond Sect's ancestor attached great importance to this incomplete technique. He felt that this would be the key to saving his life.He never stopped cultivating it, and he seemed to have some talent in this aspect…He felt that if there was a day in the future when he was really going to be killed, then it would probably be very difficult for him to convince the enemy by verbally promising to recognize them as his master or swearing a Dao oath.However, this was not safe. It was likely that the enemy would use some life controlling talismans or treasures to control him and use him as a cannon fodder.The safest thing was to become the artifact spirit of the other party's weapon.After all, the vast majority of cultivators still cared a lot about artifact spirits.As he read more ancient books, this thought became increasingly firm… Today, the Artifact Spirit Technique he had cultivated for his entire life was finally put to use. It allowed him to obtain a chance of survival from a situation where he couldn't survive.Facing his flattery, Xu Qing felt increasingly frustrated. This was the first time he had encountered such a situation and he was a little hesitant about killing it. Artifact spirits were truly precious…"How did you become an artifact spirit?" Xu Qing asked coldly.The Diamond Sect's ancestor hurriedly said loudly with a fawning expression."I had a dream many years ago. In the dream, I saw my future self meeting the Lord of Fate. He would give this desolate and cruel world a gentle baptism. In the dream, I was touched and swore to follow him. Hence, I spent my money to buy an incomplete spell that could allow me to become an artifact spirit.""I was always prepared for this!""Speak in human language." Xu Qing's gaze turned cold and killing intent rose in his eyes. The Diamond Sect's ancestor shivered and thought to himself that it was fortunate that he was smart and decisive. He quickly slapped himself to death before this vengeful kid could.After that, he took advantage of the other party's surprise and took the initiative to transform into an artifact spirit. Only then was he able to escape death.He really had no choice. This little wolf cub in front of him had no intention of accepting a slave at all. He was really determined to destroy him. If he had hesitated a little, he would probably be dead now.To be able to find such a path of survival in such a desperate situation, the Diamond Sect's ancestor was truly mentally exhausted. He felt that it had really not been easy for him.He hurriedly told the truth. After he finished speaking, he even cast a spell and split out a wisp of his life soul, handing it to Xu Qing. This was the sign of recognizing a master.After Xu Qing heard this, he swept his gaze across the Diamond Sect's ancestor's life soul and then looked at the black iron stick. The killing intent in his eyes sometimes rose and sometimes fell. The Diamond Sect's ancestor felt his heart skip a beat as he hurriedly expressed his loyalty."Master, my life isn't worth much. Right now, I'm an artifact spirit. Although I can help Master's magic tools become sharper and possess unlimited growth, although I'm a Foundation Building artifact spirit and the ordinary treasure with me will become even sharper under my enhancement, although I still have many, many uses, Master can destroy me with just one word.""Master, there's no need to be in a hurry to kill me. I still have a pill that's about to take shape on my corpse. It's a good thing. Master's cultivation will increase by a lot after eating it.""Also, Master, there's a treasure vault under my sect. There's an array crossbow specially used on the Seventh Peak of the Seven Blood Eyes. I don't have a magic boat and can't use it. I originally planned to give it as a gift…""Also, Master, we have to leave quickly. A fellow Daoist I invited a few days ago will arrive tomorrow. Also, there will be an envoy from the Litu Sect coming soon."The Diamond Sect's ancestor was very clear that since he had chosen to kneel, he had to kneel completely. Only then could he survive.Xu Qing was expressionless. He waved his hand and kept the other party's life soul. He then grabbed the air and took out the storage bag on the Diamond Sect's ancestor's corpse. Just as he was about to destroy the corpse and erase all traces, the Diamond Sect's ancestor hurriedly stopped him."Master, Master, um… this storage bag is a cover. It's not real. I still have one on me that I hid with a talisman."Xu Qing cast a deep glance at the Diamond Sect's ancestor.
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 172 Ancient King Mystic Nether
With the help of the Diamond Sect's ancestor, Xu Qing found a storage bead hidden on the ancestor's corpse. This item was buried inside the body of the Diamond Sect's ancestor. There weren't many items inside, only three.The first item was a spirit ticket that was worth 500 spirit stones.The second item was a jade box which seemed to have the effect of nurturing medicinal pills. Xu Qing could see a purple-colored medicinal pill being nurtured inside.The third item was three jade slips that recorded the Diamond Sect's cultivation art and the artifact spirit incomplete technique the ancestor had mentioned earlier.As for the storage bag used as a cover, it was filled with miscellaneous items that were worth about 100 spirit stones.As though he was worried that Xu Qing would be dissatisfied, the Diamond Sect's ancestor hurriedly spoke in a low voice."The second highness wanted too much last time, so there isn't much left now.""Your storage bag from the sect's treasure vault was also a cover-up?" Xu Qing slowly asked."Yes…" The Diamond Sect's ancestor's body trembled as he whispered.Xu Qing didn't say anything. After destroying the corpse, he went to the ruins of the Diamond Sect and searched. He found the secret chamber that the Diamond Sect's ancestor had mentioned. It was also empty and there was only an array crossbow that looked like a magic tool.It was indeed as the Diamond Sect's ancestor had said. This item was specially used on magic boats and could only be activated by a specific array formation. Xu Qing took a look and kept it.He continued to plunder the Diamond Sect. However, this place was too poor and the dead disciples didn't have anything valuable on them. Only the sect master, elders, and the others had slightly better things."Master, it was good that you killed them. These traitorous bastards had been secretly joining forces recently and were preparing to betray the sect when I went to seclusion. I originally planned to personally deal with them after some time."Xu Qing didn't care about the authenticity of the Diamond Sect's ancestor's words. He left after plundering, gradually disappearing into the snowstorm.Countless snowflakes fell from the sky, covering the entire Red Plains. The original red color of the ground had already disappeared and turned white.The wind was even more bone-piercing, sweeping up the snow as though it wanted to seep the cold into every corner of the ground.This winter, many people would die.Xu Qing tightened his collar and sped through the wilderness. He didn't return to the scavenger campsite but hurried through the night to the city at the edge of the Red Plains."I have to return to the Seven Blood Eyes as soon as possible. I can't stay here for long," Xu Qing muttered. As he spoke, a dark glint flashed in his eyes as he glanced at the leather pouch containing the black iron stick.Xu Qing had still not decided whether he should completely destroy the Diamond Sect's ancestor who had transformed into an artifact spirit. As he sped, he weighed the pros and cons in his heart while calmly asking about the Litu Sect.Sensing that his life was still not safe, the Diamond Sect's ancestor felt bitter and nervous. At the same time, he didn't dare to hide anything and told him everything he knew truthfully."The Litu Sect is a giant faction in the Nanhuang Continent that is on par with the Seven Blood Eyes, Purple Earth, and True Words. Moreover, they are also based in the Wanggu Continent. This branch in the Nanhuang Continent is its branch sect.""Their base is in Wanggu?" Xu Qing glanced at the Diamond Sect's ancestor. Although he knew about the forces in the Nanhuang Continent now, he clearly didn't know as much as the Diamond Sect's ancestor, who was a Foundation Building cultivator.Hearing the hint of doubt in Xu Qing's voice, the Diamond Sect's ancestor immediately felt that it was time to show his value. Hence, he quickly spoke."Master, among the four major forces in the Nanhuang Continent, other than Purple Earth, which is a true native force, the foundations of the other three aren't in the Nanhuang Continent.""Among them, the Seven Blood Eyes you're in is the best example of this. The seven mountain peaks seem to be one but in reality, most of the mountain peaks are autonomous. It's just that they all identify with the rules of the Seven Blood Eyes and act under these rules. After many years, they gradually fused together.""The reason why this is the case is because the seven mountain peaks of the Seven Blood Eyes are actually the seven members of the Seven Sects Alliance in the Wanggu Continent's human territory that joined forces to build a branch in the Nanhuang Continent!""Such branches are also established on other islands in the Endless Sea where the human race lives. However, the Nanhuang Continent is one of the largest islands in the Endless Sea, so the branch here is very powerful.""As for the True Words, it's extremely mysterious. I'm not too sure either."Xu Qing's eyes narrowed. This was the first time he had heard of these things."The Wanggu Continent's Seven Sects Alliance?""The Wanggu Continent is too big. The human race only has a tiny space in it. However, even so, this space is extremely vast. I don't know how big it is because I haven't been there before, but I heard that the Seven Sects Alliance is only a relatively good super force in the human race's inland coastal area. However, I think… compared to the entire human race forces, it shouldn't be the strongest group.""Of course, this is only relative. To me, one of the peaks of the Nanhuang Continent's Seven Blood Eyes is already a colossus…"Xu Qing's heart was in turmoil. He lifted his head and looked at the distant sky. His understanding of this world had increased again. please visit n0ve1b(in).ne)t  "However, I know about the Litu Sect. It has believers in countless races in the entire world and its influence is extremely vast. All of this is because of its doctrine…" The Diamond Sect's ancestor continued."The doctrine of the Litu Sect is to stay away from this cruel world. They fanatically believe in the ancient kings and sovereigns who left during the ancient times when the fragmented face of the god arrived. They believe that one day, the holy lands established by the ancient kings and sovereigns will bring them away.""The reason why the Litu Sect has many branches is because in their sect record, it recorded that a total of nine ancient kings and sovereigns left in ancient times to create holy lands." "Therefore, the Litu Sect itself is divided into nine major factions. They believe in different ancient kings and sovereigns. The various factions don't get along and think that the supreme being they believe in is the one who can truly bring them away. "As for those great ancient kings and sovereigns, not only do they include humans but there are also nonhumans. This is also the reason why the believers of the Litu Sect are spread over the various races."Xu Qing's heart shook when he heard these words. As he rapidly digested them, he asked."What kind of existences are the ancient kings and sovereigns?"The Diamond Sect's ancestor was stunned. He didn't know either but he didn't want to reveal his ignorance when Xu Qing was still weighing his life and death. Hence, after thinking hard, he spoke."I can't estimate the realm of the ancient kings and sovereigns, but I've seen descriptions in some ancient books… The existences who once unified the Wanggu Continent and suppressed all races were known as the ancient kings.""The experts who could fight against the ancient kings were known as sovereigns. Although they didn't unify Wanggu, their forces were heaven-defying."A look of fascination appeared in Xu Qing's eyes but he didn't speak.Seeing Xu Qing like this, the Diamond Sect's ancestor heaved a sigh of relief. In reality, he didn't know if this was true or false. After all, the ancient books he read were mostly storybooks…He hurriedly changed the topic and continued to introduce the Litu Sect."The highest existence in the Litu Sect is called Fate Arbiter. Legend has it that they aren't a cultivator of this world but came from a holy land. They are the spiritual leader of the Litu Sect and are extremely mysterious.""As for the leaders of the nine major factions, they call themselves Saints.""This sect in the Nanhuang Continent is only a branch of the Mystic Nether Faction. The true base of the Mystic Nether Faction is in Wanggu. They believe in the human ancient king, Ancient King Mystic Nether!""There are records in ancient books that before the god's fragmented face descended, there was an era called the Mystic Nether Era. It was founded by the Ancient King Mystic Nether who had led the human race to unify Wanggu."Hearing the words of the Diamond Sect's ancestor, Xu Qing's thoughts fluctuated. He sped all the way until the dawn broke. As the sun rose, Xu Qing saw his destination from afar.The city that was filled with filth and chaos, the only city in the Red Plains that had a teleportation array.At this point, Xu Qing had already made a decision about how to deal with the Diamond Sect's ancestor."What pill is that pill of yours?""Ah, that's a spirit whale pill. The method of consumption is quite special and you can't consume it immediately. You need to nurture it in a jade box for a hundred days and wait for it to melt. Calculating the time, there are still three days left." The Diamond Sect's ancestor looked at the distant city and hurriedly spoke."I like silence." Xu Qing suddenly spoke.The Diamond Sect's ancestor shivered. Just as he was about to speak, a suppression from his life soul suddenly arrived and covered the black iron stick, directly injuring him, who was an artifact spirit, before sealing him.After the first layer of seal, Xu Qing was still not convinced. He increased the strength of his perception and suppressed the spirit layer by layer. Only then did he feel that it was safe.Under these layers of suppression seals, the Diamond Sect's ancestor turned extremely weak and was on the verge of dissipating, falling into a deep sleep.In the end, Xu Qing didn't choose to kill the Diamond Sect's ancestor. The value of the artifact spirit made him decide to keep it and perfect his black iron stick.However, before he had more methods to keep it in check and before his cultivation broke through to Foundation Building, Xu Qing didn't plan to let it wake up. He was also prepared to erase it if it disobeyed.He took a deep breath after doing all this. He didn't enter the city ahead. Instead, he turned and sped in another direction.The reason why he muttered that he was going to return to the Seven Blood Eyes back at night was for the Diamond Sect's ancestor to hear. Although the other party had transformed into an artifact spirit and had been honest the entire time, Xu Qing wouldn't believe him easily.The question about the medicinal pill was a verification, while returning to the Seven Blood Eyes was misdirection.For the former, if the Diamond Sect's ancestor lied about the medicinal pill, Xu Qing would kill him. As for the latter… If the Diamond Sect's ancestor had some special methods to divulge his tracks, it would be useless after being misdirected.This was because Xu Qing didn't plan to return to the Seven Blood Eyes for a while.Xu Qing continued to speed up. He even used a flight talisman.It was only when the night arrived that he finally looked for a hidden cave to rest in. He scattered poison powder at the entrance and covered it up. Only then did he sit down and take out the jade box where the Diamond Sect's ancestor had stored the medicinal pill."Whether you live or die will depend on whether this pill is as you said!"Xu Qing looked at the jade box. He then placed it in the distance and took a few steps back to observe his surroundings. After that, he pointed through the air.Immediately, the jade box slowly opened with a cracking sound and a dense medicinal fragrance assaulted his senses.
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 173 - 2,700
 Chapter 173: 2,700  Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios  The medicinal pill in the jade box was melting. The medicinal fragrance instantly enveloped the cave.
 Xu Qing didn’t know what the spirit whale pill was but he understood vegetation. After taking a sniff, his thoughts immediately spun as he identified the ingredients inside.
 “Semiliquidambar cathayensis, hundred grass leaves, cynanchum… plumed cockscomb, trumpet vine…” Xu Qing mumbled. He lifted his right hand and seemed to have grabbed a wisp of fragrance. He brought it to his nose and sniffed it carefully.
 “And climbing fern!”
 Xu Qing’s gaze turned deep as he looked at the jade box not far away and analyzed it inwardly.
 The composition of this pill was extremely complicated. It was very difficult for him to know all the medicinal ingredients from the fragrance. He could only determine the main ingredients.
 n0(𝕧(e)lbi𝕟.n(et   However, with his attainments in the Dao of Poison and his knowledge of vegetation, he could still sense that the general effect of this item was mainly nourishing. After all, everything contained a certain amount of spirit energy, especially plants.
 The principle of tonics was actually to extract the spirit energy in the plants in a special way and transform it into cultivation power that could be absorbed by cultivators.
 
 “There are also a few medicinal herbs in this pill that contain a hint of blood. I do not know what creature’s blood it is. The name of the pill has ‘whale’ in it. Could it be the blood of a sea beast?” Xu Qing pondered for a moment before grabbing the air. Immediately, the jade box flew over and landed in his hand.
 “Although I don’t know what it is, I can speed up its melting.” Xu Qing took out some medicinal herbs from his storage bag. He began to concoct them and added them to the jade box.
 Time flowed by. Several hours later, night fell again. The snowstorm seemed to be even heavier than yesterday, drowning out all traces of the ground. It also completely covered the cave Xu Qing had chosen.
 Only the whimpering sound of the wind couldn’t be completely blocked by the snow. It faintly rang out from the entrance and when it echoed in Xu Qing’s ears, he opened his eyes and looked at the jade box in front of him.
 The medicinal pill that had completely melted, turning into medicinal liquid. This medicinal liquid was clear. The dense medicinal fragrance was clear and looked transparent. The dense medicinal fragrance also became lighter.
 Xu Qing picked the box up and drank the medicinal liquid in one gulp.
 The instant the medicinal liquid flowed down his throat and into his stomach, an indescribable heatwave spread in his body. This heatwave became a clear contrast to the coldness outside. At that moment, it seemed to have exploded and directly spread to every meridian in Xu Qing’s body, entering his flesh and blood.
 It was as though his whole body was breathing, trying its best to absorb the spirit energy in the medicinal liquid.
 Xu Qing’s body trembled and a strange glint appeared in his eyes. He could sense the astonishing medicinal effect of this medicinal pill, and he now believed 30% of the Diamond Sect’s ancestor’s words.
 He no longer hesitated and circulated the Sea Transformation Art with all his might. In an instant, the 970-foot-high spirit sea that he had reached when he broke through to the ninth level outside the Sea Lizard Island erupted at this moment.
 It expanded from 970 feet to 980 feet!
 This wasn’t the end. Under the support of the spirit energy of the medicinal liquid, his spirit sea continued to expand. In an instant, it reached 999, until… 1,000 feet!
 The instant it reached 1,000 feet, Xu Qing’s eyes erupted with a piercing purple light. His breathing became slightly hurried. The 1,000 feet high spirit sea directly allowed his Sea Transformation Art to break through and advance from the ninth level to the tenth level!
 It had reached the limit of the Sea Transformation Art for the vast majority of disciples!
 The Sea Transformation Art was divided into ten levels. Each level contained more spirit energy changes and an even more powerful Forbidden Sea’s aura. Its might and foundation far surpassed that of the arts of small sects. It could be said to be one of the upper-level cultivation arts.
 This was also the reason why the Seventh Peak’s disciples were so powerful.
 However, it also had a limit. One layer was equal to 100 feet high spirit sea, ten layers meant 1000 feet high spirit sea. This was the limit of this cultivation art but this limit wasn’t fixed!
 In reality, there would occasionally be disciples who could break through this limit and increase their spirit sea to an even more majestic level. However, there were very few such people. Even if there were, most of them would only be able to increase their spirit sea by 300 to 500 feet.
 However, even so, those who could break through the limit were all extraordinary talents.
 Back then, Xu Qing had analyzed that what formed the limit of the Sea Transformation Art were anomalous substances!
 When cultivators cultivated, the anomalous substances in their bodies would continue to increase. Over time, even if they used medicinal pills to expel them, it would only treat the symptoms and not the root cause.
 After a long time, there would still be deep-rooted anomalous substances. Xu Qing judged that the more anomalous substances there were, the harder it was to break the limit of the Sea Transformation Art.
 However, he… didn’t have any anomalous substances in his body.
 “What affects the range of my spirit sea isn’t the anomalous substances but the limits of my endurance.”
 A purple glint flashed in Xu Qing’s eyes. He sensed the medicinal spirit energy that was still erupting in his body and was a little surprised by the medicinal pill prepared by the Diamond Sect’s ancestor.
 “To the Diamond Sect’s ancestor, this medicinal pill must be an extremely precious item…”
 When Xu Qing thought of this, determination appeared in his eyes. Regardless of whether it was the possible dangers in the sect or his own desire, he really wanted to know how far his spirit sea could advance.
 Xu Qing took a deep breath and circulated the Sea Transformation Art again, absorbing the spirit energy from the medicinal pills with all his might. His body was the same. Even the Ba shadow behind him manifested and breathed with all its might.
 The outside world couldn’t hear the rumbling sounds that echoed in Xu Qing’s mind like huge waves. At this moment, the spirit sea in his body expanded again.
 1010, 1,310, 1,610…
 The expansion of the spirit sea was extremely terrifying. As time passed, it slowly reached 2,300 feet and it was still not over.
 This astonishing breakthrough caused the pressure emitted by Xu Qing to be much stronger than before.
 It even formed a vortex, causing the snowstorm outside to distort when they got close. Upon closer inspection, the area of distortion was the same as the area of Xu Qing’s spirit sea. It was 2,300 feet wide.
 2,400 feet, 2,500 feet, 2,600 feet…
 The medicinal properties in his body finally began to dissipate.
 Within an area of over 2,000 feet, hurricanes swept in all directions.
 Fortunately, the place he chose wasn’t the Red Plains anymore and was very remote. There was no one in the surroundings, especially since the snowstorm was quite heavy today.
 Hence, no one saw this scene.
 “According to the records of the Sea Transformation Art, since ancient times, the highest someone on the Seventh Peak has achieved is a Qi Condensation spirit sea of 2,700 feet…”
 Xu Qing opened his eyes and performed a series of hand seals with both hands before waving them to the sides. The medicinal properties in his body that were gradually dissipating were squeezed dry by him with all his might. And with the spell he used, the mixed spirit energy from the wilderness also crazily surged in.
 Since it was mixed, very few parts could be absorbed. However, it was still enough for support at this moment.
 As the spirit energy in the surroundings gushed in, the instant the medicinal effects in his body dissipated, the spirit sea in Xu Qing’s body erupted once again.
 2,630, 2,660, 2,690…
 This lasted until 2,700 feet!
 The entire cave rumbled and the area of 2,700 feet trembled in unison. The snowstorm was destroyed and the ground directly collapsed. It then exploded in all directions, revealing a huge deep pit and Xu Qing who was sitting there!
 Terrifying spirit energy fluctuations circulated around his body, and the wind and snow in the surroundings didn’t dare to get close at all. There was also the Ba shadow behind him. It roared at the sky, and the fiery power in its body became even more violent. It had clearly grown.
 One could see that there were even more cracks on the Ba shadow’s body and the magma inside was even redder. Hot airwaves swept in all directions, causing the surrounding snowstorm to directly turn into rain. They then instantly evaporated into white fog that surged into the air.
 Vaguely, it was as though two bumps had appeared behind the Ba shadow. It was as though there were wings struggling inside, wanting to grow out.
 Xu Qing opened his eyes. As the purple light flickered in them, he looked at his body. He sensed the spirit sea in his body and an aura that even he was shocked by spread out from his body.
 Gradually, his eyes gleamed.
 “Perfected Qi Condensation!”
 Xu Qing mumbled. He compared himself to the Diamond Sect’s ancestor. After making his judgment, he felt that the current him didn’t need a divine attack. Coupled with his spells, heavenly saber, and poison path, he could still suppress the Diamond Sect’s ancestor.
 Xu Qing pointed his right hand at the sky. Immediately, the plesiosaur formed by his Forbidden Sea Dragonwhale transformed and expanded abruptly in the air. After it reached the size of 2,700 feet, it rapidly shrank to 1000 feet.
 At the same time, the spirit sea in his body was also compressed.
 Xu Qing was used to revealing his sharpness only at the instant he erupted.
 After putting on the disguise, Xu Qing stood up. His eyes revealed sharpness and deep anticipation.
 He felt that his spirit sea still hadn’t reached its limit and seemed to have some space left to grow.
 “I’ll know in the future!”
 Xu Qing instantly rushed out like a bolt of lightning, leaving this place far behind. In the darkness of the night, he headed straight for the distance.
 He wanted to go to another city and return to the Seven Blood Eyes through there.
  He had been out for more than a month. Now that everything had been resolved and his cultivation had increased, he was prepared to return and see if the matter between the merfolk race and the third highness was really calm or not.
 Just like that, Xu Qing used the flight talisman to speed all the way. Three days later, he finally arrived at his destination. It was the Seven Blood Eyes’ branch city outside the Red Plains.
 He didn’t waste time in the city and headed straight for the teleportation array.
 He paid the fee and stepped in the array. Before being teleported, he looked in the direction of the Red Plains in the distance. He heaved a long sigh of relief in his heart.
 After such a long time, Xu Qing finally removed the thorn in his heart. Although the outcome of the Diamond Sect’s ancestor wasn’t death, Xu Qing felt that he could accept the outcome.
 “Now, if everything is normal in the sect, I’ll really be able to have a good sleep.” Xu Qing muttered inwardly. The teleportation array shone and a sea of light spread from the edges and covered him.
 As the sea of light dissipated, Xu Qing’s figure in the teleportation array was already gone.
 The snowstorm continued to blow, covering the ground over and over again, turning it into white paper that revealed a hint of clarity.
 It was very clean.
 The cold permeated the surroundings, invading the wilderness inch by inch before turning into killing intent that revealed a hint of ruthlessness.
 It was very cruel. 
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 174 Little Mute
Seven Blood Eyes' main city.In the coastal area, the winter wind carried a gentleness that blew to every corner of the streets.Different from the cold in the Red Plains, it was delicate and damp which made it difficult to detect it at first. It was only when it seeped into one's bones and gradually turned cold from the inside out that one would feel it.By then, it would be too late to resist.Just like the piedmont disciple of the Seven Blood Eyes, the cruelty hidden under their smiling faces was like needles hidden in cotton.This was more prominent in the Seventh Peak.The disciples of the Seventh Peak seemed to have some talent in this aspect. They were good at concealing their true thoughts. They place their interests above everything else and could abandon their superficial dignity. Xu Qing knew this very deeply.He had already integrated into the main city environment of the Seven Blood Eyes and as his cultivation level increased, he relied on ruthless methods to gain a foothold in the Seven Blood Eyes. The danger he encountered was reduced and he gained some reputation.However, his caution and vigilance never decreased at all.This was because Xu Qing was very clear that among the Qi Condensation disciples of the Seventh Peak, there were often traces of low-level cultivators killing each other. As for high-level cultivators, especially those who had reached the ninth or tenth level of Qi Condensation, most of them were scheming and shrewd.They were good at pretending and even better at enduring. They were like venomous snakes hiding in the dark. Once one was targeted by them, they might die without knowing who killed them.In reality, it wasn't just these people. Those cultivators who had climbed up through the struggles in the main city and broken through to the Foundation Building realm would be even better at this.For example, the third highness...Xu Qing was walking in the main city of the Seven Blood Eyes. His expression looked calm but he was inwardly vigilant. He was still in disguise.He had been walking in the main city for more than half a day. The places he went to were mostly places with a lot of people. He kept paying attention to his surroundings and listened to everything.He was searching for some clues that might verify if anything happened between the third highness and the merfolk race. He was extremely patient and walked from day to night.When night fell, Xu Qing still didn't return to his original identity. In fact, he didn't use his token when he returned but an anonymous jade slip.The Seven Blood Eyes' anonymous jade slip had already formed an industry chain. There was a lot of demand for it and it became the first choice for wanted criminals and people who didn't want to reveal their identities.It was extremely expensive but the corresponding advantages were great. Among them, the most attractive benefit was concealment.The Seven Blood Eyes turned a blind eye to this. Although they would occasionally screen those with anonymous jade slips, they would ignore it most of the time. Of course, the prerequisite was that one didn't touch the rules and bottom line of the Seven Blood Eyes.Xu Qing had killed too many wanted criminals and had some such jade slips on him. He found an inn that was open and stayed there.Just like that, time flowed by and very soon, three days passed.During these three days, Xu Qing investigated many times and understood everything through various methods. He even spent some spirit coins to buy some information about the Seven Blood Eyes but he didn't find any clues.It was as though there was no follow-up to the merfolk race's matter and the third highness also really didn't pursue the matter.During this time, the most discussed topic among the Seven Blood Eyes' disciples was the competition of the Seventh Peak.Xu Qing had heard of this many times in the past three days. Most of the information he bought was about the competition.It seemed like the attention of all the disciples in the Seven Blood Eyes was on this.After Xu Qing thought about this, a deep look appeared in his eyes.The Seventh Peak's competition was held once every 30 years. It was very special. Most of the time, the choice of the battlefield was in a certain area in the outside world and the process was extremely bloody and cruel.For example, 30 years ago, they had chosen the merfolk island as the battlefield.After a suppressive competition there, the merfolk race became the allies of the human race.The target for this time was also set. It was a small nonhuman race on the Western Reef Archipelago. This nonhuman race was called the Northern Spirit Race. Most of their people were cruel and bloodthirsty, and their entire race was made up of pirates.They relied on many larger nonhuman races to provide them with resources in exchange for protection. At the same time, they were also active on the Forbidden Sea.They were a great threat to the merchant ships, especially the Seven Blood Eyes' merchant ships. Recently, some of them had been hijacked by them.This matter infuriated the Seven Blood Eyes. Hence, even though the other party returned the stolen goods very quickly, it just so happened that it was the Seventh Peak's Grand Competition. Hence, the location of this competition was arranged to be the Northern Spirit Island.This attracted a lot of attention in the Seven Blood Eyes, and the Seventh Peak's disciples were already grinding their fists. Everyone who was qualified to participate was preparing. In an instant, the prices of cultivation resources at the port had increased by about 20%.Moreover, the sect also issued the qualifications and rules for participation.There were a total of 13 departments on the Seventh Peak. Each department would choose about 400 people, so there would be more than 5,000 cultivators as the candidates for this competition.To these 13 departments, it was difficult to choose 400 people. It wasn't an issue about the number. please visit n0ve1b(in).ne)t  In reality, there were many disciples in each department. There were thousands in the big departments and the smaller ones also had about a thousand.The difficulty was because too many people wanted to participate.The rewards for the competition were extremely generous. One would obtain 10,000 contribution points for every cultivator they killed. This was only the base reward. The higher the cultivation of the enemy they killed, the more rewards they would receive.The identity tokens would automatically record the points which would then be distributed after the competition ended. Such a sum of wealth was enough to make the eyes of many disciples who were struggling with cultivation resources red with envy.What made people gasp and even go crazy was the reward for the first place in this competition.Core disciple identity! To countless piedmont disciples of the Seventh Peak, core disciples who could wear light purple Daoist robes were all as high and mighty as divine children. Their statuses were extremely noble.Just like what the captain had said back then, the sect wouldn't care if a hundred piedmont disciples died, but if even one core disciple died, it would be a huge matter.Hence, the madness of the disciples of the various departments could be understood.However, Xu Qing didn't have much desire for the status of a core disciple.If it was when he had just arrived at the Seven Blood Eyes, the status of a core disciple would still be tempting to him. However, now that his cultivation had reached the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm, to Xu Qing, breaking through to the Foundation Building Realm as soon as possible was his priority.In addition, Xu Qing felt that this competition wasn't that simple. The venue of the competition that was announced, Northern Spirit Island, seemed to be to delude the outside world. When he thought of his previous analysis, Xu Qing felt that the true battlefield might be on the territory of the merfolk race.With this thought in mind, Xu Qing cautiously observed for a few more days while the other disciples were doing their best to fight for the qualifications.After confirming that there was indeed no follow-up regarding the merfolk race in the sect and it was the same for the third highness, Xu Qing simply changed back to his identity. He remained vigilant for a few more days before his heart calmed down.Unless it was absolutely necessary, Xu Qing didn't want to leave the Seven Blood Eyes at this moment. This was because he wasn't far from the Foundation Building. He really wanted to obtain the benefit of 5,000 spirit stones every month that was given to Foundation Building disciples.Now that everything was normal, Xu Qing returned to his usual life with vigilance. A few days later, he received a notice from his captain.The second reward for Night Dove's operation had been given.He was appointed as the deputy captain of the Black Team Six of the Homicide Department.His salary also increased, from 3,000 contribution points a month to 6,000."Xu Qing, you have to thank me for this. If I hadn't fought for you with all my might, how could you have a day where you are promoted?" In the Homicide Department, the captain sat at the side and smiled at Xu Qing as he ate an apple.His gaze sized him up. Clearly, he had sensed the fluctuations of Xu Qing's cultivation base. However, his smile was still there and he was eating the apple deliciously. "Thank you, Captain."When Xu Qing heard this, he revealed a smile. Ever since he came to the Seven Blood Eyes, he had learned some control over his expression. However, it was still a little unnatural."So, don't forget the thousand spirit stones you owe me," the captain said happily.Xu Qing's smile instantly froze."It's 100, and I've returned it to you!""Ah? Have you returned it? Aiya, my memory is too bad. I remember now. You returned 100 to me. Alright, alright. You still owe me 900 spirit stones then."The captain slapped his forehead and sighed. Seeing that Xu Qing's expression seemed to be unnatural and his right hand was even instinctively placed beside the leather bag at his side, he blinked."Are you going to participate in the competition?"Xu Qing didn't speak."Xu Qing, let me tell you this. With my understanding of the sect's habits, there's a high chance that the competition this time... won't be targeting the Northern Spirit Race!"The captain's expression was a little excited. He squatted on the chair and took out two tangerines. After tossing one to Xu Qing, he peeled it as he spoke.Xu Qing caught the tangerine and looked at the captain."I reckon it should be a much larger nonhuman island. Moreover, this nonhuman race must be very rich, so the sect released smoke to confuse the outside world. Recently, I've been observing a few famous sinister people in the other departments and found that they have all secretly registered!"The more the captain spoke, the more excited he became. His eyes even seemed to shine."In reality, these vicious people have long saved up enough spirit stones to buy the Foundation Building Pill and can break through at any time. However, they suppressed their cultivation and didn't break through. Clearly, they were all waiting for this opportunity. They all have dog noses and their sense of smell is extremely sharp. Since they are willing to give up the benefits of breaking through to the Foundation Building realm for the past few months, their target is naturally even higher. Therefore, this competition should be an excellent opportunity to snatch cultivation resources.""You have to know that in that competition 30 years ago, many people made a fortune because of this. I heard that that woman, the second highness, rose up through this. It's said that even some elders were envious of the wealth she plundered. Just counting the Foundation Building Pills, she snatched eight of them!!""In addition, many people in the sect who are close to breaking through but don't have enough spirit stones are all staring at this competition to accumulate spirit stones.""Aren't you going to participate in such an opportunity to make a fortune?" The captain looked at Xu Qing with a smile.Xu Qing still didn't speak. His judgment of the location of the competition was the same as the captain's. Moreover, he had even guessed where the final battlefield was."So this time, you must go and make a fortune. You just need to get the resources needed for Foundation Building.""There's also a newbie in the team. I will call him over for you." As the captain spoke, he took out his token and transmitted his voice. Not long later, light footsteps rang out from outside the room the captain and Xu Qing were in.Very soon, the door opened, revealing the figure of a youth.This youth's hair was a little disheveled and his small face was dirty. Although he was wearing a gray Daoist robe, it was bulging. Under the Daoist robe was a black dog skin coat.The most eye-catching thing was the youth's eyes. His eyes were filled with sharpness and cruelty, as if the person standing there wasn't a person but a ferocious little wolfhound.The baleful aura on his body was extremely heavy, as though it could erupt and devour the enemy at any moment. When he saw the captain and Xu Qing in the room, he grinned, but... he had no tongue.He was a mute.However, as Xu Qing's gaze landed on him, the mute youth's smile suddenly paused. His eyes abruptly widened as he looked at the shadow under Xu Qing's seat. His expression changed drastically like he had seen an extremely terrifying existence.His body started trembling, and his breathing became rough. It was like a mortal meeting the god.The room instantly fell into dead silence!
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 175 - Junior Brother Xu Qing, Are You Here?
 Chapter 175: Junior Brother Xu Qing, Are You Here?  Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios  The mute youth shivered and the captain looked curious.
 Xu Qing narrowed his eyes, but didn’t speak. However, he noticed that the thing that caused the other party to be horrified was the shadow under him.
  novel online free at ｎ0ｖｅｌｂｉｎ  As he fell under Xu Qing’s gaze, the mute youth’s body trembled even more. He clenched his fists tightly and sweat soaked his entire body. Anyone here could hear the cracking sounds coming from his legs.
 It was the sound of bones and muscles clashing.
 It was as though his instincts were fighting intensely with his mind.
 If this continued, the passing of every second would be an unimaginable torture for him.
 Xu Qing retracted his gaze. He stood up and cupped his fists toward the captain before turning to walk to the door.
 As he got closer, the fear in the mute youth’s eyes grew even more. However, he didn’t seem to dare to retreat. It was similar to Xu Qing’s state when he had seen the bizarre entity in the forbidden zone in the past.
 
 When Xu Qing walked to his side, the terror rose to the extreme in the mute youth’s mind. His mind seemed to have been taxed to the extreme as his body twitched violently and he started foaming.
 Xu Qing frowned. He didn’t release any pressure or reveal any killing intent. After casting a meaningful glance at the youth, he walked out of the room and left.
 As he left, the mute youth’s fear dissipated like the falling tide. Very soon, his body stopped trembling and his expression mostly recovered. However, the lingering fear in his eyes still made him not dare to turn his head to look at Xu Qing’s departing back.
 When the captain saw this scene, his eyes revealed a strange glint. He bit the apple and walked to the mute youth’s side. He walked around him while holding the apple and spoke in surprise.
 “You know him?”
 The mute youth shook his head.
 “You don’t know him? Then why are you afraid of him?”
 The captain became even more curious. It had been half a month since this mute youth joined the Homicide Department. In this half a month, he was just like Xu Qing back then, killing many wanted criminals.
 Moreover, he was like a wolfhound; he was savage, and looked at everyone with hostility and vigilance.
 Today was the first time the captain saw this mute youth so frightened.
 The mute youth heard the captain’s words but he kept his mouth tightly shut.
 The more he didn’t speak, the more the captain wanted to know. He even forgot to eat the apple. After taking a few glances at the mute youth, his eyes suddenly flashed and a terrifying baleful aura instantly erupted from his body.
 It didn’t spread out but locked onto the mute youth.
 This baleful aura caused the mute youth’s entire body to be extremely tense. His face was pale and his body was trembling. However… there was no fear in his eyes like before, only unyielding intent.
 Very soon, the captain retracted his killing intent and sighed.
 “Tell me why you’re so afraid of him. How about I get the director to promote you?”
 The mute youth still didn’t say a word.
 “I forgot that you can’t speak. Then write it down.”
 The mute youth shook his head with determination. It was as though he wouldn’t dare to say it even if he died.
 The captain was helpless and could only wave his hand to let the mute youth leave. He sat on the chair and ate an apple as he started pondering.
 At the same time, Xu Qing, who had walked out of the Homicide Department, turned his head and glanced in the direction of the Black Division. He then lowered his head and glanced at his shadow.
 What he felt earlier, what the mute youth was afraid of, was the shadow.
 “He can sense my shadow?” Xu Qing mumbled, his gaze cold.
 He retracted his gaze and thought about what the captain had said about him still owing him spirit stones. He took out the bamboo slip and crossed out the question mark behind the captain’s name.
 On the bamboo slip, the Diamond Sect’s ancestor had already been crossed out and the merfolk youth had also been crossed out. The old man from the inn was still there, but behind the word captain, there were several question marks that had been crossed out.
 Looking at the question marks on the bamboo slip that had been carved and crossed out, Xu Qing fell silent. After that, he added the third highness in the list and put a question mark beside the name.
 A moment later, he stored the bamboo slip and went to a medical shop in the city.
 It wasn’t the one he used to frequent but an even larger shop. Here, he saw the Foundation Building Pill.
 The price was so exaggerated that even Xu Qing, who was considered wealthy now, took a deep breath.
 “100,000 spirit stones…” Xu Qing silently returned to his berth.
 Although his cultivation and combat strength had reached an astonishing level, Xu Qing’s vigilance didn’t decrease at all. Before he took out the magic boat, he checked his surroundings as usual.
 After confirming that there were no problems, he released the magic boat and quickly stepped in. As the protective barrier was activated, Xu Qing walked into the medicinal herb room. The moment he sat down, a purple light shone on his chest.
 He drew out the suppressive power of the purple crystal and suppressed the shadow that looked normal.
 Xu Qing only stopped after suppressing it three times in a row. This was his usual habit.
 Xu Qing didn’t know what this shadow was but this wasn’t important. He just had to suppress it regularly.
 After doing this, Xu Qing began to refine poison.
 “The Seventh Peak’s competition…” As he refined poison, Xu Qing pondered over the competition.
 His cultivation had reached the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm. Although he felt that his spirit sea could still continue to expand, Xu Qing understood that he had to prepare the items he needed to reach the Foundation Building Realm as soon as possible.
 He didn’t know much about Foundation Building. He only knew that he needed the Foundation Building Pills to increase the success rate of breaking through, and just one pill wasn’t enough insurance.
 As for the principles of Foundation Building, the sect withheld this knowledge. It required an extremely exaggerated amount of contribution points to check it.
 If one didn’t want to spend contribution points, they could also buy it from others.
 After some thought, Xu Qing decided to find a time to awaken the Diamond Sect’s ancestor.
 “The Foundation Building Pill is too expensive and I can’t afford it. In that case, I can only participate in the competition to snatch it.” Xu Qing’s gaze was reserved and decisive. As dusk approached, his poison refinement came to an end and he began to cultivate.
 The setting sun outside shone on the harbor, like spreading a layer of orange gauze over the entire harbor. All the buildings seemed to be dyed red by it. Even the clouds in the sky were red.
 In this sunset, a beautiful woman wearing a light purple Daoist robe and carrying an ancient bronze sword on her back was walking toward Port 79.
 She was tall and had a beautiful appearance. With her ponytail and the ancient sword on her back, she looked valiant and heroic. Coupled with her identity as a core disciple, she gave off a unique charm.
 On the way, all the disciples who saw her lowered their heads and greeted. Many disciples even had a strange feeling in their hearts.
 She seemed to be in a very good mood as she nodded toward the disciples she met on the way. It was only when she entered Port 79 that she stopped in her tracks. Her pretty face was slightly red and her heartbeat seemed to be a little faster.
 She stood there and took a few deep breaths before taking another step forward, heading straight for… Xu Qing’s berth.
 Very soon, she arrived in front of the berth. She looked at the somewhat familiar magic boat and her expression was filled with happy memories as she spoke loudly.
 “Junior Brother Xu Qing, are you there?”
 Although Port 79 wasn’t too lively usually, there were many people coming and going. Hence, her light purple Daoist robe was conspicuous here. Almost the instant this woman entered, she attracted the attention of many people.
 When the disciples saw her calling Xu Qing’s name, their eyes widened.
 Under the setting sun, the black hair of the woman standing on the shore fluttered in the wind. Her Daoist robe was blown back by the wind, outlining the very moving graceful curves of her body.
 As the light landed on her beautiful and flawless face, it was unknown if it was because she was blushing or if it was dyed by the sunset, but she looked rosy. Even her eyes seemed to be glowing.
 “It’s the core disciple, Senior Sister Ding Xue!”
 “Why is she looking for Senior Brother Xu Qing? Sigh, if only she came to look for me.”
 As everyone in the surroundings more or less felt a little sour, Xu Qing, who was cultivating in the magic boat, frowned slightly when he heard the voice. He stood up and walked out, looking at the woman on the shore.
 “Senior Sister Ding.” Xu Qing calmly spoke. He didn’t like it when others disturbed his cultivation.
 “Junior Brother Xu Qing, I returned some time ago, but you weren’t around when I came before. I know this is a little abrupt, but I have a lot of questions about vegetation, so I want to ask Junior Brother to clear my doubts.”
 Ding Xue looked at Xu Qing and hurriedly spoke. As she spoke, she lifted her right hand and a spirit ticket instantly appeared in her hand.
 “Sorry for having to trouble you.”
 Xu Qing originally wanted to refuse, but after seeing the spirit ticket, he pondered for a moment. Although he had enough now, there were many things needed for Foundation Building and they were all very expensive. Moreover, 100 spirit stones wasn’t a small sum.
 He nodded and took a few steps back, opening the protective barrier.
 Xu Qing would not be able to relax outside the magic boat. His magic boat, with the enhancement of divinity and the complex poison, was the safest for him.
 Seeing that Xu Qing had opened the magic boat’s protective barrier, Ding Xue was very happy. She gracefully leaped up and landed on the magic boat, standing in front of Xu Qing.
 “Junior Brother Xu, where were you before? I heard that you returned long ago.” Ding Xue looked at Xu Qing and smiled.
 “Senior Sister Ding, if you have any questions about plants and herbs, please speak.” Xu Qing didn’t answer her question. He didn’t hate Ding Xue. After all, she was very diligent and eager to learn. However, he still instinctively kept a certain distance from Ding Xue and spoke in a heavy voice.
  Senior Sister Ding didn’t mind Xu Qing’s wariness. She hurriedly asked the questions she had prepared about herbs.
 When Xu Qing heard her questions, he pondered and replied seriously.
 He felt that 100 spirit stones was worth it for him to explain in detail.
 At that moment, the sea breeze blew over. The rouge-like sunset light and the wind permeated the magic boat, causing the man and woman inside to seem to be bathing in the sunset light, giving off a magical charm.
 This scene caused the other disciples in the surroundings and the patrolling cultivators on the shore to feel even more sour in their hearts.
 At the same time, on the streets of the main city, a youth in a light purple Daoist robe didn’t care about his image as a core disciple and was running frantically toward Port 79 with an anxious expression.
 “Senior Sister, how can you be so muddle-headed? We were fine a few days ago. You, you, you… Why did you go look for him again?”
 This person was Zhao Zhongheng.
 He was extremely anxious. This was especially so when he thought of the way his senior sister looked at Xu Qing back on the sea and Xu Qing not taking money at the end.
 This was clearly the rhythm of romantic feelings, causing him to be incomparably flustered.
 “No, I have to go over quickly!!” 
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 176 - Ammonite (1)
 Chapter 176: Ammonite (1)  Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios  Time slowly passed.
 The sunset today was even brighter than before. In fact, after looking at it for a long time, one would feel an indescribable strangeness. It was as though someone was painting with blood and smearing the sky.
 And in the blood, there seemed to be strands of golden threads. This scene even attracted the attention of the Seven Blood Eyes’ seven mountain peaks. Many cultivators who lived on the mountain walked out of their cave abodes and looked at the horizon with strange gazes.
 Many disciples from the various ports noticed this as well.
 As for Xu Qing, who was on his magic boat, he also noticed the abnormality of the red glow on the horizon. After observing many times, he sped up his explanation of the questions Senior Sister Ding asked and kept the spirit ticket of 100 spirit stones in his pocket. He then looked at the horizon again.
 “I seem to have seen this scene described somewhere before.” Xu Qing recalled the sea record he had seen and searched for the source of that familiarity.
 The red glow didn’t last long and slowly dissipated, as though it wanted to use its beauty to retain the setting sun. However, the sun continued to set. Senior Sister Ding noticed that it was getting late and could only bid farewell.
 
 p1ease visi(t) nove1B(in).ne)t   However, before she left, she carefully sized up Xu Qing a few times. Her gaze suddenly froze. Previously, she didn’t pay much attention to Xu Qing’s cultivation. After observing him now, her expression changed slightly and she immediately spoke.
 “Junior Brother Xu, your cultivation… Have you reached the great circle of perfection?” Senior Sister Ding’s face revealed disbelief.
 Although Xu Qing had concealed his aura, it was obvious that the cultivation art Ding Xue cultivated was a little different. It seemed to be able to sense other people’s spirit energy more clearly. Hence, after she sensed Xu Qing’s cultivation fluctuations, her mind was in turmoil.
 She knew that Xu Qing was very strong but the feeling her senses gave now had exceeded her expectations. The light in her eyes lit up.
 “Junior Brother Xu, since you are about to reach Foundation Building, do you have any understanding of it?”
 Xu Qing swept a glance at Senior Sister Ding. He was a little vigilant about his cultivation being seen through. After shaking his head, he instinctively circulated the magic boat’s defense, causing it to silently gain a hint of spirituality.
 “I understand.” Senior Sister Ding smiled with joy.
 “My aunt has mentioned these things to me countless times.” As she spoke, Ding Xue searched her storage bag and took out three jade slips, handing them to Xu Qing.
 Xu Qing was stunned. He knew that the price of anything related to Foundation Building was extremely expensive in the sect. As he looked at the three jade slips in front of him, although he was extremely tempted, he understood that nothing in this world was free for no reason. In essence, everything was an exchange.
 “How many spirit stones?” Xu Qing asked.
 Ding Xue smiled when she heard this.
 “Junior Brother Xu, you’re treating me like an outsider. Back then, if it wasn’t for you at sea, it would have been very difficult for me to reach the Western Reef Archipelago so smoothly. With our shared experience at sea, this little thing is nothing.”
 “Besides, you also taught me a lot about vegetation. Also, with your cultivation, if it was any other core disciple, they would also try to be your friends. I just took the initiative. If you feel uneasy with this, then if I encounter danger one day in the future, how about you help me once?” As she spoke, Senior Sister Ding placed the jade slips in her hand to the side.
 She didn’t continue to disturb him and smiled.
 “Like this, I will be the one taking advantage. Junior Brother Xu, I’ll take my leave first.”
 With that, Senior Sister Ding left the magic boat after Xu Qing opened the protective barrier.
 When she stepped on the shore, she was in a very good mood. At this moment, she was anxious to share this matter. She took out her voice transmission jade slip as she walked and chatted happily with a few of her close friends from the sect.
 Unlike men, women’s desire to share was very strong, especially when they met someone of the opposite sex who made their eyes light up.
 This was uncommon among the people who were struggling in the hardships of the human world. However, to core disciples who had been well protected since they were young, it was the norm.
 Just like the winter at the port was different from the winter in the Red Plains, the world was also different for different people.
 In reality, after she returned, she had long told her best friends about meeting Xu Qing when she went out. Her arrival this time was only because of the instigation of her best friends.
  “You guys wait and see. I’ll definitely take down this Little Xu.”
 While Senior Sister Ding was proudly transmitting her voice, Zhao Zhongheng’s figure finally appeared in Port 79 and ran toward her.
 “Senior Sister Ding… That Xu fellow didn’t do anything to you, right? Let me help you!”
 Before he arrived, his voice had already entered Ding Xue’s ears.
 Ding Xue frowned and glanced at Zhao Zhongheng. Her face was filled with impatience as she walked into the distance.
 Zhao Zhongheng hurriedly chased after her. Although Ding Xue ignored him, he still followed behind with determination.
 “Ding Xue, sooner or later, you’ll know that many people in your life are passersby like birds.”
 “Only I, Zhao Zhongheng, will be like the sea, accompanying you without abandoning you. Once you’re used to my company, you’ll understand how important I am. So what if there are many passersby? I’m different from those passersby!”
 Zhao Zhongheng had a determined expression. He looked at the magic boat Xu Qing was on. The jealousy he felt was intense. However, when he thought of how powerful the other party’s cultivation was and how terrifying the captain of Team Six was, he didn’t dare to completely expose this expression. He could only grit his teeth inwardly.
 “Isn’t his face the only thing he has? Compared to my persistence and companionship, it’s nothing. Time will prove everything!” 
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 177 Ammonite (2)
While various emotions were surging in Zhao Zhongheng's heart, and the red glow in the sky dissipated and the sun set, the pitch-black surface of the sea that had lost its light suddenly underwent a strange change.Countless gorgeous lights flickered on the sea outside the harbor, and they seemed to be illuminating the sky as well. The magnificence was even more obvious, attracting the attention of all the ports of the Seven Blood Eyes.Gradually, uproars rang out everywhere. One figure after another walked out of the magic boats at the various ports. Many people on the shore who saw this scene quickly flew over.Outside the Seven Blood Eyes' harbor, the gorgeous lights turned into threads that flowed rapidly on the surface of the sea. They continued to swim and gradually formed dense groups.It was as though the entire surface of the sea outside the harbor was filled with these beams of light like the sea had turned into a starry sky with meteors streaking past.Soon, countless beams of light drifted past the entrance of the harbor and filled all the ports.This scene caused the Seven Blood Eyes cultivator to be even more shocked. Xu Qing's eyes revealed a strange glint as he stood on the magic boat and looked over.He noticed that the things that emitted the beams of light were palm-sized spiral creatures.Their extended bodies seemed to possess nerves that could form light sources. Their flickering formed this peerlessly beautiful scene."Ammonites…"Xu Qing recalled the description on the sea record.There wasn't much description of the ammonite in the sea record. It only pointed out that if the red clouds at sunset contained hints of gold, this phenomenon would occasionally appear in the sea after the sunset. It didn't say much specifically and only said that this phenomenon was harmless.However, Xu Qing knew from the thick book of herbs that Grandmaster Bai had left behind that ammonites were a type of precious medicinal ingredient. They had miraculous effects when it came to harmonizing and reducing the violentness of the medicinal effects.Senior Sister Ding and Zhao Zhongheng, who had yet to leave Port 79, also noticed this scene. Senior Sister Ding looked at the gorgeous sea in a daze.Zhao Zhongheng hurriedly spoke."Senior Sister, I know what this phenomenon is. It is caused by ammonites which are also known as star shells. They occasionally float above the sea behind the red clouds. They are useless and only know how to shine. Other than being beautiful, they don't have any uses."Zhao Zhongheng glanced at Xu Qing in the distance and spoke loudly.Xu Qing's expression was as calm as ever. He didn't have the time to care about Zhao Zhongheng who was implying something. He didn't even listen to the latter, all his attention was on the surface of the sea.As the seawater undulated, the ammonites that emitted resplendent beams of light intertwined and separated. Some lights seemed to have synchronized while others appeared chaotic.Those who were synchronized would entangle together and no longer separate. Those who were chaotic would leave after coming into contact with each other slightly, as though they were searching for those that could synchronize with them. p1ease visi(t) nove1B(in).ne)t  What Xu Qing was paying attention to was the latter.The knowledge that Grandmaster Bai had imparted to him appeared in his mind. He looked at the ammonites that were moving around chaotically and silently waited for an opportunity.Not all ammonites could become medicinal herbs. What he was waiting for was the male ammonites that couldn't find a companion even after a long time. Only this type of ammonite would eventually mutate due to some changes in its body and turn into medicinal materials that were helpful for cultivation!Xu Qing's silence made Zhao Zhongheng even more smug. He lifted his chin high."This thing is recorded in the sect and isn't of much use. Moreover, this phenomenon lasts only for a short time before disappearing."Senior Sister Ding looked at the ammonites. Her expression revealed some disgust at Zhao Zhongheng's words as she calmly spoke."It's also good to be able to emit light. The magnificence it forms can not only illuminate itself but also those who are watching. It's better than some ravens with no light at all."Zhao Zhongheng raised his eyebrows and was about to speak.However, at this moment, Xu Qing, who had been ignoring the conversation between the two, suddenly narrowed his eyes. He lifted his right hand and grabbed at the surface of the sea.Immediately, the water vapor in the surroundings transformed into water droplets and gathered together. In the blink of an eye, they transformed into a large hand which moved toward the countless ammonites on the surface of the sea.The hand grabbed one and then returned to Xu Qing. As the large hand dissipated, the ammonite landed in Xu Qing's hand.The palm-sized ammonite was covered in spiral patterns. The light on the body that extended out of the mouth of the shell was gradually dimming. The instant it was about to completely dim, Xu Qing's right hand suddenly emitted a chill. This chill directly enveloped the ammonite, instantly freezing it into an ice cube.It completely retained its state before it dimmed.Looking at the ice cube in his hand, a smile appeared on Xu Qing's face. After he carefully kept it, he continued to observe the sea.At the same time, in Port 79, there were some people who acted like Xu Qing. These people clearly knew the medicinal value of the ammonites, so they quickly captured those who met the requirements.They weren't the only ones. Some disciples from the other ports also made a move. There were even some figures who flew out from the mountain and headed straight for the ports to capture them.Most of them were cultivators from the Second Peak.This scene was like an invisible slap to the face of Zhao Zhongheng, who had just said that this thing was useless. He was stunned and puzzled about this.Senior Sister Ding also saw all of this. She was curious and hurriedly moved closer to Xu Qing. When she reached the berth where Xu Qing's magic boat was at, she hurriedly spoke."Junior Brother Xu, why are you and some others capturing these ammonites?" As she spoke, she, who was used to Xu Qing's personality, directly took out a spirit ticket and handed it over."The moment before the male ammonite dies, it will transform into a rare medicinal ingredient which is quite helpful for cultivation."Xu Qing didn't accept the spirit ticket but still explained for Ding Xue.This was mainly because he thought of the Foundation Building jade slips the other party had given him for free earlier. Hence, he spoke in detail."Ammonites, also known as the star shell, is a mollusk. It is a spiritual medicinal catalyst that likes to stay in the cracks of the undersea mountains. It will only go out to sea during the mating season. Every time it goes out, it will cause the red clouds to be tainted with gold. This phenomenon can happen anywhere in the Forbidden Sea of the Nanhuang Continent. Its timing is uncertain and it's difficult to find traces of it. Hence, it's rarely seen above the inland.""Its attributes are sweet, cold, and slightly poisonous. It can calm the mind. Coupled with the Yin-Yang Polarization Technique and the shell water, it can be refined into a Spirit Ascension Pill.""However, many new pharmacological techniques use the ammonite as a parasitic body and take advantage of its special spirit. By turning it into a natural furnace, they can raise good pills. It is even better in harmonizing and neutralizing violent medicinal effects."After Xu Qing finished speaking, he continued to stare at the sea, searching for ammonites that could be captured.Senior Sister Ding didn't understand but she vaguely felt that Xu Qing's words were very impressive. Hence, she looked at Xu Qing and her beautiful eyes revealed an intense expression as she quickly asked."Then why are they glowing?""That's because during the reproduction season, the ammonites surface and use their bodies to emit different lights to attract the opposite sex.""This is also why their lights appear. After touching each other, if the light of both parties is synchronized, they can mate. If the male ammonite's light can't be synchronized, it will be despised by the female ammonite. In the end, if it can't find a female companion, it will dissipate and die."As Xu Qing spoke, he grabbed another ammonite that met the requirements.Senior Sister Ding's face was filled with admiration. She knew that Xu Qing was busy now, so she didn't ask anymore. Instead, she observed and studied. Every time Xu Qing made a move, she would pay attention. It didn't take long for her to see the trick and begin to help.Xu Qing didn't need any help. However, on account of the Foundation Building jade slips, although he felt that she was a burden, he didn't say anything and let Senior Sister Ding busy herself.Time flowed by. As more and more disciples took action, a night passed.When the morning gradually brightened, all the ammonites that were entangled on the surface of the Seven Blood Eyes' harbor left one after another and returned to the bottom of the sea. Only the dull and dead male ammonite corpses floated. After rotting at a speed visible to the naked eye, they transformed into a part of the Forbidden Sea.Senior Sister Ding, who had been busy the entire night but was clearly happier, also chose to bid farewell and leave.Behind her beautiful figure, Zhao Zhongheng followed with a bitter expression.He looked at Senior Sister Ding's back view in front of him. His eyes revealed desire as he silently swore in his heart."Just watch, Ding Xue. Sooner or later, you'll be moved by me."
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 178 - Life Fire, Mystic Brilliance,
 Chapter 178: Life Fire, Mystic Brilliance, Illuminating the Heavenly Palace  Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios  That night, Xu Qing gained a lot.
 He had grabbed a total of about 700 ammonites.
 As he looked at the ammonites sealed in ice in his storage bag, six to seven poison recipes that matched this item appeared in Xu Qing’s mind. The might of each of them was extraordinary.
 “There are also my Ghost Desires. If I combine them with the ammonites, and add some medicinal herbs transformed from the two extremes of yin and yang… Perhaps I can make poison powder that will cause even Foundation Building cultivators to die?”
 Xu Qing pondered for a moment and felt that his thoughts were still a little optimistic. He recalled the battle with the Diamond Sect’s ancestor. The other party’s resistance to poison was extremely strong. Presumably, the latter wasn’t an exception.
 According to the combination of the Ghost Desire and the ammonite, there was a high chance that what he refined would be a primer that attracted ferocious beasts. Of course, with the ammonite, he could balance the level of attraction.
 “I need an even stronger poison!” A cold glint flashed in Xu Qing’s eyes. He decided to find an opportunity to head out to sea in the future and search for poisonous materials to strengthen his poison path.
 He retracted his gaze from his storage bag and picked up the three jade slips that Ding Xue had given him. After transferring his spirit energy, he began to check them.
 
 A long time later, Xu Qing’s expression became a little strange.
 “Hundred-day Foundation Building?”
 Xu Qing thought about it and picked up the second one to take a look. Just like that, time slowly passed and a day passed.
 When dusk descended on the Seven Blood Eyes’ main city again, Xu Qing finally understood the contents of these three jade slips completely. He put them all down and rubbed his forehead, his eyes filled with shock.
 “Life Fire Mystic Brilliance, illuminate the Heavenly Palace!”
 “Creating the aperture in a hundred days, hiding cultivation from the heavens!”
 Xu Qing mumbled. According to the contents of the jade slip, there existed great terrors when cultivators in this world tried to break through Qi Condensation and advance to Foundation Building.
 It was as though there was an unknown evil that would interfere with the cultivator’s breakthrough.
 At the same time, the Foundation Building period was also very long. It was known as the Hundred-day Foundation Building.
 It didn’t mean that one had to spend 100 days to complete Foundation Building. However, once Foundation Building was started, it couldn’t exceed 100 days at most. The longer the time, the greater the terrors would be.
 As for what the terrors were, the three jade slips didn’t point out in detail. However, they vaguely mentioned that when cultivators reached the Foundation Building realm, they would attract bizarre entities. Once they encountered a life-and-death situation, they would often be in an extremely miserable state.
 Therefore, when cultivators in this world were at the Foundation Building realm, they had to pay attention to the changes in time at all times. It was as though they were stealing opportunities and couldn’t be discovered by their master.
 At the same time, in order to avoid such a great terror from appearing, cultivators would often choose to use some special magic tools to envelop themselves and protect their safety when breaking through.
 This type of magic artifact wasn’t rare but most of them were in the hands of large sects and clans. The Seven Blood Eyes also had it and it was placed in a fixed place. Generally speaking, if the Seven Blood Eyes’ disciples wanted to break through, they would apply to go there.
 However, the fee was extremely high. If the fee was counted based on time, it would cost 100 spirit stones per hour.
 As for those rogue cultivators or those who didn’t have a place to rent magic treasures, they had to take a huge risk if they wanted to reach the Foundation Building realm.
 The rate of death and failure was extremely high, so breaking through without the protection of a magic tool was a method that no one would choose unless they had no other options.
 Xu Qing thought of the god’s fragmented face and didn’t have to analyze anything to know that this issue was related to its existence.
 After a while, he took a deep breath and closed his eyes, continuing to organize the information on the three jade slips in his mind.
 The principle of Foundation Building was to use the accumulated spirit sea to break through and open one’s magic aperture!
 The so-called magic aperture was a hidden spirit point in the human body. It contained mysterious powers and after opening it, the level of life would change.
 Qi Condensation and Foundation Building were fundamentally different. In Qi Condensation, the cultivators accumulated their spirit sea, while in Foundation Building, the cultivators would continuously open their magic apertures.
 After reaching the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm, the first stage in stepping into Foundation Building was to sense the location and number of one’s magic apertures.
 After that, the cultivator needed to use the spirit sea to attack a magic aperture. After opening it, it would become their first magic aperture.
 The spirit energy would fuse into this magic aperture and gather into a vortex, giving birth to a trace of magic power that far surpassed spirit energy!
 Qi Condensation contained spirit energy, and Foundation Building contained magic power!
 The difference between the two was like heaven and earth!
  n0vel online free at 𝓷0𝓿𝓮𝓵𝓫𝓲𝓷  Due to the fact that the spirit energy of different cultivators was inconsistent, the magic power born from the opened magic apertures was also different. The denser the spirit energy when one was in Qi Condensation, the more magic power they would have when they broke through to Foundation Building. Moreover, this advantage would be reflected in every magic aperture. As this advantage accumulated, the difference would gradually be extremely great.
 Also, the main point here was sensing.
 The cultivator had to find the location of the magic aperture first if they wanted to open it. If they wanted to open more, they had to sense more locations of magic apertures. The effect of the Foundation Building Pill lied here.
 This would determine how far one could go in the future, so it was extremely important to cultivators.
 And anomalous substances were the greatest obstruction to sensing the magic apertures.
 In this world contaminated by the aura of the god, 99% of the living beings contained varying degrees of anomalous substances.
 The moment a cultivator was ready to advance to the Foundation Building realm, the anomalous substances in them would further conceal their magic apertures.
 Generally speaking, it was already good to be able to sense 80 of them.
 If they could sense 90, they were definitely an outstanding talent. Only the disciples of large sects could accomplish it.
 Sensing the magic apertures was like exploring in the dark night, so there were great horrors in it.
  Hence, there was the saying of building the spirit in a hundred days and hiding the cultivation from the heavens.
 As for the limit of magic apertures, it was 120. However, this was only a theoretical limit. Those who could sense all of them were extremely rare.
 The jade slips also mentioned that in the place of origin of the human race in the Wanggu Continent, only those who used special methods to make their bodies pure without any anomalous substances were qualified to attempt it.
 However, it required dense spirit energy to support it. After all, even if there were no anomalous substances, the difference in aptitude would still affect the sensing process.
 Such people would have an extremely terrifying background and strength. They were often seeds nurtured by the super large sects and ancient families at the origin of the human race to walk the path of the ancient kings and sovereigns.
 Although the Seven Blood Eyes was strong, it was only in comparison to the Nanhuang Continent. Only the Seven Sects Alliance could barely be considered a super sect in the Wanggu Continent.
 The Seven Blood Eyes didn’t have the qualifications to have such a disciple. Since ancient times, it never had such a disciple.
 “None…” Xu Qing retracted his gaze from the jade slip and lifted his head to look at the pitch-black sky. The sky tonight was even darker than before but he could still see a few bright stars.
 Looking at those stars, the description of the second stage of Foundation Building appeared in Xu Qing’s mind.
 The first stage was sensing the magic apertures.
 The second stage was to open the first magic aperture and give birth to magic power. This magic power would flow through the entire body and change the life level!
 At this point, it could be considered a success in Foundation Building.
 The cultivation after that was to open one magic aperture after another according to different cultivation arts and the methods of the various sects. After 30 magic apertures were opened, the magic power emitted by the 30 magic apertures would form the first ball of life fire for a Foundation Building cultivator.
 The 60th magic aperture would form a second ball of life fire.
 The 90th magic aperture would form the third ball of life fire.
 At this stage, the cultivation could attempt to break through to the Golden Core Realm. As for the fourth ball of life fire, it required great opportunities and great talent.
 Once the life fire was formed, even if there was only a ball of it, it was enough to envelop the entire body. It was like a spark in the night, illuminating the heavenly palace.
 A Foundation Building cultivator who had formed a life fire was a completely different existence from those who had not.
 This was because the life fire involved the signature ability of Foundation Building cultivators, which was to activate the Mystic Brilliance Form.
 Due to the huge consumption of life fire and the astonishing might when it erupted, it was usually in an extinguished state. Only when Foundation Building cultivators fought with all their might would they choose to light it.
 Once ignited, the cultivator’s combat strength would increase greatly. This state far exceeded the norm, so it was known as the Mystic Brilliance Form.
 Generally speaking, if a cultivator who had a 1000-foot-high spirit sea opened the 30th magic aperture and formed the Life Fire, they could maintain the Mystic Brilliance Form for 1,800 breaths of time.
 Every breath consumed a huge amount of magic power.
 Xu Qing took a deep breath and suppressed the thoughts of Foundation Building.
 The information Ding Xue had given him was complete, but Xu Qing had a cautious personality. Although there was a high chance that the information was not fake, he still didn’t completely believe it and would wait for further verification.
 In addition, although his spirit sea had reached 2,700 feet previously, Xu Qing could clearly sense the spirit sea expanding over the past few days of cultivation. Now, it had reached 2,900 feet.
 However, this was far from his limit. It was the same for the Mountains and Seas Art. Hence, Xu Qing was prepared to cultivate the spirit sea in his body to the extreme before breaking through to the Foundation Building realm.
 He also needed to think of a way to collect spirit stones to prepare for the Foundation Building, such as the Foundation Building Pill.
 “Although I don’t have any anomalous substances, I still have to prepare the Foundation Building Pill to be safe. It’s best if I can prepare two of them, but it is too expensive.” Xu Qing opened his storage bag and felt a little worried after calculating.
 “In addition, although the fee for renting a Foundation Building place that provides shelter is still astonishing, the jade slip mentioned that in order to encourage disciples to reach the Foundation Building realm, the Seven Blood Eyes can provide loans to pay for the fees of the Foundation Building place. The hundred-day rent fee along with interest can be paid back in three years.”
 “However, I have to prepare the Foundation Building Pill myself…” Xu Qing fell silent. His heart ached a little at the thought of the interest on the loan. According to the jade slip, the interest would be above 50% of the principal.
 “The 100-day rent is 120,000 spirit stones, if the interest is added, it would be 180,000 spirit stones in three years which means 5,000 spirit stones a month. It’s not worth it.” Xu Qing sighed. He realized that it was too difficult to reach the Foundation Building.
 He suddenly understood why the captain said that many disciples were suppressing their cultivation levels and not breaking through because of the competition.
 Now that he thought about it, there was a high chance that they hadn’t accumulated enough spirit stones and were just waiting for the competition to start to make a fortune.
 Hence, Xu Qing had very high expectations for the upcoming competition of the Seventh Peak.
 A long time later, he took a deep breath and closed his eyes, starting to cultivate.
 The night passed. The next morning, Xu Qing, who was cultivating intensively, suddenly felt his mind tremble. His eyes suddenly opened and he walked out of the cabin. When he looked at the sky, the cultivation base in his body circulated and the spirit energy in the surroundings spread.
 Almost at the instant he looked over, a rainbow flew over rapidly. Its target was Xu Qing’s boat, and it instantly got close.
  It was as though the other party had no intention of stopping. It directly ignored Xu Qing’s magic boat’s defense and wanted to forcefully step onto the boat.
 However, after noticing Xu Qing, a soft cry of surprise rang out from within the rainbow. It suddenly stopped in the air outside the magic boat, revealing the figure of a young cultivator.
 This youth wore a dark purple Daoist robe and his Foundation Building cultivation was very obvious. He stood in the air and lowered his head to look at Xu Qing, who was inside the magic boat’s protective barrier. A hint of surprise flashed in his eyes.
 “Greetings, Deacon Li.”
 Xu Qing’s expression was calm but he was extremely vigilant. He quickly analyzed the reason why the other party was here.
 He recognized the other party’s identity. He was the favorite of Elder Zhao, and had taken Zhao Zhongheng away during the Dispatch Department incident.
 ‘Interesting. He actually silently cultivated to the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm and can attempt to break through at any time.’
 Deacon Li looked at Xu Qing and revealed a smile. His attitude was clearly better than before.
 “You don’t have to think too much. I’m here on Elder Zhao’s orders to summon you to meet and ask about the matter of you reporting the giant and the dragon carriage earlier. It has nothing to do with anything else. You can rest assured!”
 Deacon Li could see Xu Qing’s vigilance. He wasn’t a core disciple who had advanced to the Foundation Building realm but had fought his way up from the foot of the mountain. Hence, he was very clear about the temperament of these wolf cubs at the foot of the mountain.
 If it was any other disciple, he wouldn’t care. However, to a disciple who could break through at any time and had a high chance of becoming a Foundation Building cultivator, his attitude was naturally different. 
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 179 - The Sun’s Carriage
 Chapter 179: The Sun’s Carriage  Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios  “Giant and the dragon carriage?” Xu Qing fell into deep thought. He recalled that after he returned from the sea, he had made a trip to the Sea Records Library and reported this matter.
 He had left the sect after that and went to the Red Plains. Now that he had returned not long ago, it was both reasonable and unreasonable for the other party to come and ask him about this.
 What was reasonable was the time, but what was unreasonable was that the other party actually wanted to summon him and ask him personally.
 If all of this was true, Xu Qing could already judge that the matter of the giant and the dragon carriage was probably very important. That was why it attracted Elder Zhao’s attention.
 Xu Qing knew that he couldn’t refuse this matter.
 He nodded silently and put away his magic boat. When he looked up at Deacon Li, Deacon Li had a spurious smile on his face as he spoke.
 “I suggest that you don’t make the elder wait too long. Besides, I also came from the foot of the mountain. I don’t believe that someone with your cultivation level wouldn’t have prepared a flight talisman.”
 “So, do you want me to bring you or do you want to move by yourself?” Deacon Li looked at Xu Qing.
 
 Xu Qing nodded and stuck a flight talisman on his leg. With a step, he directly arrived in the air.
 Deacon Li transformed into a rainbow and headed straight for the Seventh Peak.
 Xu Qing followed behind.
 As they got closer and closer to the Seventh Peak, Xu Qing sighed with emotion. This was his second time here.
 The first time was when he entered the sect.
 He still remembered what the round-faced cultivator had said.
 ‘This might be your only time going up the mountain.’
 Now that he thought about it, it was correct. After all, not everyone had the hope of reaching the Foundation Building realm. Even he had to consider the Foundation Building resources.
 As he pondered, Xu Qing did not lower his vigilance. He couldn’t completely trust the other party’s words but he had no other choice now.
 Just like that, the Seventh Peak gradually became clearer in Xu Qing’s eyes. Most of the mountain was covered in green plants, and one could see a mountain path winding from the foot of the mountain to the top of the mountain.
 This mountain path had many forks that were connected to palace-like buildings. At the same time, there were plazas and cave abodes in many places on the mountain.
 The two of them quickly flew into the mountain and passed by many large halls. They also passed by the place where Xu Qing had obtained the Daoist robe and magic boat back then. Finally, in the area near the top of the mountain, a magnificent large hall was reflected in Xu Qing’s eyes.
 This hall was even more imposing than what he had seen on the way. It was built with greenish-white spirit tiles. At the same time, there were statues of strange beasts stuck on each corner as though they were about to soar into the sky.
 In front of the hall, there were two huge human-shaped stone statues standing there like giants, emitting waves of pressure.
 The door of the hall wasn’t closed but for some reason, the interior couldn’t be seen at all. It was a blur.
 Deacon Li’s body landed, and Xu Qing also landed on the ground.
 An intense sense of danger invaded his body at this moment. The invisible array fluctuations from the surroundings seemed to be able to instantly destroy him. What was even more terrifying was something in the hall.
 It was as though an astonishing ferocious beast was entrenched in this hall. The aura it exhaled transformed into a storm that shook the soul. As it spread in all directions, Deacon Li respectfully lowered his head and spoke.
 “Elder, I have brought Xu Qing.”
 “Come in.” A hoarse and aged voice rang out from the hall.
 When it landed in Xu Qing’s ears, it felt like it had transformed into rumbling thunder, causing Xu Qing’s breathing to be hurried. He felt a tremendous pressure descend upon him.
 He barely managed to steady himself. After lowering his head and bowing, he lifted his feet with difficulty and walked forward step by step.
 With each step he took, sweat broke out on his forehead. The astonishing pressure coming from the hall caused his mind to rumble the closer he got. The trembling from all the flesh and blood in his body made it difficult for Xu Qing to walk.
 However, it seemed that the existence in the hall didn’t have any obvious malice. This pressure seemed to be instinctively released. Hence, although it was difficult for Xu Qing, he was still able to rely on his body refinement attainment and cultivation to walk in step by step.
 The instant he stepped through the threshold of the hall, he finally understood why everything he saw from the outside was a blur. It was because… everything in the hall was distorted.
 Regardless of whether it was the furniture or the stone pillars, even the surrounding walls were shaking and twisting endlessly in Xu Qing’s eyes. The source of all this was the figure of an old man sitting on the large chair at the front.
 His face couldn’t be seen clearly. Only his purple Daoist robe and white hair could be seen.
 His body seemed to emit an invisible force that caused the area it enveloped to be unable to be seen clearly.
 “Greetings, elder.” Xu Qing endured the dizziness caused by the distortion on the ground and bowed with cupped fists.
 “Tell me in detail about the Golden Crow Dragon Carriage you saw.” The ancient voice calmly rang out and sank into Xu Qing’s mind, echoing for a while.
 Xu Qing took a deep breath. There was nothing to hide about this matter. It was originally a chance encounter, so he chose to report it previously. Hence, after the elder spoke, he told him everything.
 Elder Zhao didn’t say a word and only listened quietly.
 After Xu Qing finished speaking, the hall fell silent.
 Xu Qing silently endured the immense pressure.
 After a long time, Elder Zhao’s voice slowly rang out without the slightest fluctuation of emotions.
 “You missed an opportunity.”
 Xu Qing remained silent.
 “But you also managed to survive.”
 Xu Qing hesitated for a moment. He endured the pressure and dizziness and cupped his fists.
 “Elder, may I ask what… that dragon carriage is?”
 The hall was silent. After a long time, the aged voice rang out again.
 “Since you’ve seen it with your own eyes, there’s no harm in telling you.”
 “That’s the sun’s carriage!”
 When Xu Qing heard this, his heart trembled violently.
 “There’s a secret art engraved on the inner wall of the bronze dragon carriage. It’s called the Golden Crow Refines All Life. This secret art is one of the emperor-level secret arts which were rare even in ancient times.”
 “Very few people can encounter the sun’s carriage, and even fewer people have the opportunity to see this secret art. Those who can learn it after seeing it are extremely rare.” There was a hint of emotion in the old voice as he said this.
 “Secret art?” The giant and the dragon carriage he had seen back then appeared in Xu Qing’s mind.
 “That’s why I said that you missed an opportunity. Your luck is poor.”
 “For so many years, only the Lord of the Seven Sects Alliance of my Seven Blood Eyes had such an opportunity when he was young. He stayed in the dragon carriage for a breath of time and learned a fragment of the art.”
 “After that, the dragon carriage sank to the bottom of the sea. It has been a hundred years since then. Now that it has reappeared, it’s obvious that it’s searching for someone fated. When the secret art in the dragon carriage is comprehended again, it will sink to the bottom of the sea and sleep again.”
 Xu Qing’s thoughts fluctuated. These things had an extremely great impact on him. Presumably, they were also secrets. It was impossible for a piedmont disciple like him to know.
 “I told you this because this matter can’t be recorded in the Sea Records Library and it’s difficult to exchange it for spirit stones. Therefore, it can be considered compensation to you.”
 “Also, seeing that your cultivation base is about to break through and the Seventh Peak’s Grand Competition will begin soon, try to do your best.”
 As the aged voice echoed, a huge force swept over from all directions. Xu Qing’s body retreated uncontrollably until he was outside the hall. Everything in the hall became blurry again.
 Looking at the hall, Xu Qing cupped his fists and bowed.
 At this moment, there was already a lot of sweat on his body. In the short period of time in the hall, the pressure he endured was extremely great. Elder Zhao, who was sitting in the chair, made him feel that he was much more terrifying and powerful than the ferocious beasts in the forbidden zone he had seen before.
 Deacon Li was still waiting outside the hall. When he saw Xu Qing coming out, he said with a smile.
 “Xu Qing, I’ll send you off.”
 As he spoke, his body flew up.
 Xu Qing took a deep breath and followed behind. The mountain breeze blew over and dried the sweat on his body. However, the terrifying feeling in his heart about Elder Zhao’s strength couldn’t be blown away by the wind.
 “Elder Zhao isn’t an ordinary elder.” Deacon Li, who was at the front, glanced at Xu Qing and slowly spoke.
 “In the Seventh Peak, among the 13 elders, Elder Zhao is ranked third.”
 “Also, I heard Zhongheng talking about you. In the elder’s words… although that kid is stupid, he is not of bad character.” Outside the Seventh Peak, Deacon Li said this meaningfully and left.
 Xu Qing looked at the other party’s back and fell silent for a moment before entering the city.
  n0vel online free at 𝓷0𝓿𝓮𝓵𝓫𝓲𝓷  He was very clear about the meaning of the other party’s last sentence. This was a warning to him not to secretly kill Zhao Zhongheng because of some small conflicts.
 Xu Qing didn’t have such thoughts for now.
  “Zhao Zhongheng has a good grandfather.”
 “Also… is the competition going to start soon?” Xu Qing walked through the city with a calm expression, slowly calming the emotions caused by Elder Zhao’s pressure. He thought of the array crossbow he had obtained from the Diamond Sect’s ancestor and changed his direction, walking toward the Transportation Department.
 He was prepared to strengthen his magic boat a little before the competition.
 It was noon and there were many pedestrians in the city. Amidst the coldness and people rushing about, Xu Qing passed by a fruit stall. There were some large apples today which were not easy to come by.
 After Xu Qing saw them, he bought them all and placed them in his pouch before walking into the port area.
 While walking toward the Transportation Department, he passed by an alley. Xu Qing seemed to have sensed something and suddenly turned his head to look over. A cold glint appeared in his eyes.
 As his gaze landed, the shadow of a youth was revealed in the darkness of the alley.
 This youth wore a gray Daoist robe that was bulging. He also wore a dog skin coat inside. His small face was dirty. He was none other than the mute youth from the Homicide Department.
 He seemed to have been waiting for a long time. When he saw Xu Qing, he immediately dragged a corpse over. After placing it in front of Xu Qing, his stiff face forced out a fawning expression. After that, he quickly ran away without even looking back.
 Xu Qing frowned and looked at the corpse in front of him.
 This was a wanted criminal. His corpse was covered in bite marks. Other than his intact head, his entire body was badly mangled, as though he had been bitten to death by a wild beast. 
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 180 Content Of The Jade Slip (1)
Xu Qing wasn't stingy with spending spirit stones for his cultivation, but his life was very frugal.Even though he had gained huge profits, he only ate three more eggs for breakfast.He still maintained the habit of remembering the criminals updated in the wanted criminal jade slip.After all, no matter how few spirit stones they gave, they were still spirit stones. Moreover, if he was lucky, he could obtain even more items from the other party's storage bag.Hence, he recognized the identity of the corpse in front of him at a glance. The other party was from a pirate organization and was worth 15 spirit stones.Such a sum of spirit stones wasn't much to the current Xu Qing but one could imagine that to the mute youth, it was a huge fortune.Such wealth was actually given to him directly…Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and looked in the direction the mute youth had left in.He could naturally tell that the other party had specially waited for him here to seemingly give this wanted criminal to him."A trap?" Xu Qing mumbled. He didn't bother with the wanted criminal under his feet and walked into the distance. Very soon, his figure disappeared from the streets.After he left, the wanted criminal's corpse on the ground attracted the attention of the pedestrians in the surroundings. Most of them avoided it but there were still some disciples who saw the corpse. Their gazes flickered as they observed and were about to approach.However, the instant they got close, a small but agile figure like a wild dog instantly rushed over from the alley at the side and arrived beside the corpse.Squatting there, his eyes revealed cruelty as though he was protecting his food. He ferociously looked at the people in the surroundings who were about to approach.His teeth seemed to have been ground and were different from ordinary people. He opened his mouth, revealing his sawtooth teeth, and released a ferocious aura, causing the surrounding cultivators to stop in their tracks.The surrounding disciples swept their gazes across the traces of bite marks on the corpse and all of them chose to retreat. Only the mute youth squatted beside the corpse in a daze. His expression carried a rare hint of confusion and frustration.Just like that, time flowed by and dusk soon arrived. The youth stayed beside the corpse the entire time. Only when the night enveloped him did he silently grab the corpse and drag it into the alley, following the corners all the way back to his residence.The place he lived in wasn't a magic boat but a simple and crude hut.The monthly fee for the hut was much lower than the berth. He carefully approached but didn't use the door. Instead, he circled around and pushed aside blocked bricks from the back wall before entering.In the small hut, he let out a long sigh of relief and silently squatted in the corner in the darkness which allowed him to see the window and the door at the same time. After being in a daze for a long time, he lowered his head and looked at the wanted criminal's corpse at the side. The frustrated expression on his face grew even stronger.After a long time, he hesitated for a moment before touching the wanted criminal's body.It seemed like he hadn't checked this wanted criminal's leather pouch before. Now that he took it out, his eyes revealed surprise after he opened it and saw three spirit stones. He immediately held them and warily looked around. After confirming that there was nothing wrong, he kept the spirit stones. He then carefully counted his savings. He had a total of 77 spirit stones. After counting, he squatted there and his expression became dejected again. Finally, he took out a rough stone and opened his mouth to grind his teeth, making them sharper.However, he was only at the third level of Qi Condensation, so he couldn't sense that at this moment, outside his small hut, Xu Qing was standing there, coldly watching his every move.Xu Qing had a vigilant and cautious personality. Even though the other party's cultivation was inferior to his, he was still vigilant.  n0vel online free at 𝓷0𝓿𝓮𝓵𝓫𝓲𝓷 From what he saw during the day, there were only two possibilities. One was that the mute youth really gave the corpse as a gift, and the other was that the latter had other motives.In this cruel chaotic world, anything could happen, so he did not accept this gift. Instead, he hid after he left and secretly observed to decide if he should attack or not."Is it because he felt fear toward me when we met a few days ago, so he came to curry favor?" Xu Qing glanced at the youth in the hut. He then pushed the door open and walked in.The instant he walked in, the youth at the corner of the wall immediately bared his teeth, as though he was about to explode. However, after seeing Xu Qing clearly, his body suddenly trembled. The fear in his eyes was extremely intense and he didn't dare to move at all."What did you see?" Xu Qing threw a jade slip over and stood at the door as he slowly spoke.The moonlight landed on his body, reflecting his shadow into the house, almost touching the little mute.The little mute pressed his body tightly against the wall and took the jade slip.The captain had asked him about the same thing, but his attitude told that he would not say anything even if he died. At this moment, he didn't hesitate at all. He immediately imprinted what he wanted to say and cautiously handed it to Xu Qing.Xu Qing took the jade slip. After his spirit energy gushed in and scanned it, his expression suddenly changed.A cold glint appeared in his eyes. After casting a meaningful glance at the little mute, he took out eight spirit stones and tossed them over before leaving.77 plus 15 plus 8 equaled 100. This was the amount that was needed to exchange for a magic boat.Even as he walked far away, Xu Qing still grabbed the jade slip tightly. As he returned to his berth, the instant he stepped onto the magic boat, his right hand suddenly clenched and the jade slip turned into ashes.After that, he expressionlessly walked into the cabin and closed his eyes to start cultivating.The night passed.The next morning, Xu Qing went to Zhang San's place with his usual expression and sent the array crossbow he had obtained from the Diamond Sect over. Under Zhang San's refinement, this array crossbow was placed on his magic boat and became one of his trump cards second only to divine attack.
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

