
apter 181 - Content of the Jade Slip (2)
Chapter 181: Content of the Jade Slip (2)Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios
“This thing is a treasure. Xu Qing, as long as you get a Foundation Building power source, your boat will be upgraded to a magic ship.” Zhang San said. After that, he looked left and right before speaking in a low voice.
“Xu Qing, are you going to take part in the competition? It should be in the next few days. I’m preparing to do something big. If you are going, we can join forces.”
“I am going.” Xu Qing nodded.
Zhang San laughed and didn’t say anything else.
Xu Qing cupped his fists and left. As he walked at the harbor, he noticed that the shops of the various peaks were filled with Seventh Peak’s disciples.
There were also more magic boats returning to the harbor than usual. In fact, he even saw a few very unfamiliar faces on the way, and all of them had cultivation fluctuations that were at least at the eighth or ninth level of Qi Condensation.
There were even a few who had reached the great circle of perfection like himâ€¦
Clearly, these Seven Blood Eyes disciples had been in closed-door cultivation or had been wandering on the sea, and rushed back after hearing about the competition.
As for the baleful aura on their bodies, Xu Qing could clearly sense the coldness that came from their bones.
He had also heard that the Northern Spirit Race of the Western Reef Archipelago was extremely anxious during this period. They kept sending requests for help to the other nonhuman races, and also sent envoys to the Seven Blood Eyes for peace talks many times.
This made Xu Qing think of the captain’s words and his own guess.
“In that case, will the true target be the merfolk race?” Xu Qing mumbled. That night, a familiar visitor came to his boat.
“Xu Qing, Xu Qing, why didn’t you tell me that you were back? You are not treating me, Huang Yan, as a brother.” Outside the magic boat, Huang Yan shouted loudly with a hint of unhappiness on his face.
When Xu Qing heard the sounds outside, he walked out of the cabin and smiled.
Up until now, he came to know many people in the Seven Blood Eyes. However, very few of them gave him a real feeling. Huang Yan was one of them.
“I came back to deal with some trivial matters,” Xu Qing explained.
Huang Yan didn’t mind. He laughed and sat on the shore. Just like last time, he didn’t board the ship. After he sat down, he spoke in a low voice.
“Xu Qing, I found out a big secret today!”
Upon hearing the word ‘secret’, Xu Qing felt a little vigilant. He thought of the captain’s secret that was worth 100 spirit stones.
Before Xu Qing could speak, Huang Yan quickly spoke with a hint of showing off.
“Do you feel that there’s something wrong with the Seventh Peak this time? Although the targets and destinations were also announced in advance before, I keep feeling that this time around, it’s too deliberate. With the nature of the Seventh Peak… I feel that the location of this competition definitely isn’t the Northern Spirit Race’s island. According to my analysis and investigation, I’m certain that the target this time is the merfolk race!”
Xu Qing’s eyes narrowed. After glancing at Huang Yan’s expression, he revealed a shocked expression without needing the other party to remind him.
  Best novel online free at​ 𝕟𝕠𝕧𝕖𝕝𝕓𝕚𝕟  Seeing Xu Qing’s expression, Huang Yan instantly felt comfortable and smug.
“Haha, actually, it’s nothing much. My senior sister told me all of this. We have no secrets between us now.”
“After I found out about this, I started investigating the information about Merfolk Island. When I found out that you had returned, I quickly came over to share it with you. How is it? Ain’t I a good brother?” Huang Yan threw a jade slip to Xu Qing and spoke again in a low voice.
“I was really shocked from what I found out. This merfolk race is too rich. They have four islands, namely Image, Hidden, Binding, and Mire. Every island contains a large number of treasures. I have summarized the most valuable treasures that few people know about on this jade slip.”
Xu Qing caught the jade slip and poured his spirit energy into it to check. Huang Yan seemed to have memorized it and shook his head as he spoke.
“I spent a lot of effort to get this information. Let me tell you, there’s an armor on Mire Island called the Mire Armor. It’s hidden in the Mire Volcano. It’s an armor at the level of a magic treasure that the merfolk race has been forging for the past thousand years. The value of this thing is too great. It’s a pity that we can’t get it.”
“There’s a large number of merfolk tears on the Image Island. This is something comparable to a spirit pill. However, more importantly, the Image Island has a drop of Image’s tear which is the most valuable thing in the whole island. Image is the name of the merfolk race’s ancestor. This tear is his last drop before he died and it was embedded in his crown.”
At this point, Huang Yan took out two eggs and threw one to Xu Qing. He took one and poked it, sucking as he spoke.
“As for the Hidden Island, it’s a graveyard. There are countless treasures buried there but the most valuable one is a feather. Do you know whose feather it is? It’s the Flame Phoenix’s. Flame Phoenix, do you know who it is? That’s the king of the western forbidden zone of the Nanhuang Continent’s Truth Mountain Range and also the king of the Nanhuang Continent. You should know why it’s called the Nanhuang Continent, right?”
“Lastly, there’s the Binding Island. That island is also very astonishing. It’s said that there are many pill vaults and there should be many Foundation Building Pills stored there. Back then, Senior Sister went there to snatch them. I guess that she will definitely fight for them this time as well.”
“These aren’t much. There’s a treasure worth 500,000 spirit stones on Binding Island called the Spirit Breath Lantern!”
“This Spirit Breath Lantern is a Foundation Building holy item of the merfolk race. It’s placed in the Foundation Building Pagoda in the Binding Island’s main city.”
“That place is a specialized Foundation Building place for merfolk cultivators. It’s the same as our Seven Blood Eyes’ Foundation Building place, which costs 100 spirit stones per hour. However, I heard that what we use is divine blood to protect our disciples while the merfolk rely on this lantern.”
“In reality, every large sect and clan has such a magic tool that protects their disciples when they advance to the Foundation Building realm. The types are different, and the effect of this one from the merfolk race is actually average, so those large sects and clans don’t fancy it.”
“The reason why I am saying it is worth 500,000 spirit stones is because after Senior Sister snatched it away last time, she demanded 2 million spirit stones from the merfolk race. Later on, the merfolk race agreed on 500,000 spirit stones and bought it back.
“By the way, it’s rumored that there are clues about some temple hidden in this Spirit Breath Lantern. However, no one has found it after so many years. Senior Sister couldn’t find it, so she sold it back. Everything is in the jade slip. You can read it yourself later.”
When Xu Qing heard this, he fell silent. He was still worrying about tens of thousands of spirit stones but the other party was talking about millions of spirit stones.
This made him feel a little uncomfortable. After he broke the egg and took a sip, he still couldn’t suppress the thoughts of excitement that rose in his heart.
Huang Yan finished speaking and started chatting about him and his senior sister.
Throughout the entire process, he was basically the one talking and Xu Qing was the one listening. This way of interaction was strange but Huang Yan felt very comfortable.
When it was late in the night, Huang Yan, who had finished eating the egg, patted his stomach and got up to leave. Before he left, he burped and spoke in a low voice.
“Xu Qing, I know there’s a high chance that you won’t, but I still have to remind you. Don’t be stupid and fight for first place. That core disciple status isn’t important. Resources are the most important during the competition. You’ll know when the time comes.”
“In reality, not many people care about rankings. They’re all here to make a fortune. Also, let me tell you, only the two of us know about this information. I treat you as my brother, so don’t go around spreading the news. When the time comes, we’ll take whatever we can from the island we arrive at and make a fortune!”
Xu Qing nodded.
Huang Yan patted his belly in satisfaction and left. As he walked, he took out a jade slip and whispered sweet nothings to his senior sister.
Watching Huang Yan leave, Xu Qing sat on the deck and looked at the Forbidden Sea. His gaze landed in the distance.
At that moment, the waves gently surged over, causing the boat to sway slightly.
Under the moonlight, his shadow landed on the deck beside him. A portion of it spread into the sea and fused with the black seawater.
Xu Qing retracted his gaze from afar and swept it across the shadow. A cold glint flashed in his eyes as the words in the jade slip given by the little mute surfaced in his mind.
“It’s sleeping…”
Time flowed by. Three days later, early in the morning, the identity tokens of all the Seventh Peak’s disciples in the Seven Blood Eyes vibrated at the same time. A dignified voice entered the minds of all the disciples.
“All disciples who are participating in the competition, gather at the central altar in 15 minutes. The Seventh Peak’s Grand Competition will begin immediately!”
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 182 - Punishment of Extermination
 Chapter 182: Punishment of Extermination  Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios  Xu Qing suddenly opened his eyes.
 He calmly stood up and tidied his clothes before walking out of the cabin.
 The sky was gloomy today.
 Although the sun had risen, the first rays of the morning seemed to sense the killing intent from the Seven Blood Eyes. Hence, it put on its gray battle robe; the originally warm light pierced through the clouds and became dim.
 As dark clouds began forming in the sky, figures rushed out from different places in the Seven Blood Eyes’ ports. They followed the streets of the port areas and headed straight for the central altar.
 These figures were all hiding their ferocity. The coldness from their bodies was like sharp blades. Moreover, their cultivation levels were extraordinary. The weakest among them was at the sixth level of Qi Condensation.
 Among them, there were also many who were at the eighth or ninth level or even higher.
 After all, any disciple who could survive in the cruel Gu nurturing environment at the foot of the Seven Blood Eyes Mountains had their own way of survival. Even if they were originally gentle, they would be forced to change by this environment. The price of not changing was death.
 
 As they rushed out, waves of uncontrollable killing aura spread in all directions, transforming into oppression that enveloped the entire city, causing most of the commoners in the port areas to not leave their houses.
 Even those who were outside immediately spread out on both sides of the street to make way for the disciples who were rushing out.
 From afar, the majestic voice that echoed in everyone’s minds was like the long howl of the wolf king, causing countless ferocious wolves to gather together with bloodthirst and excitement.
 Xu Qing leaped down from the magic boat. Without turning his head, he waved his right hand behind him. Immediately, the magic boat flickered with black light and rapidly shrank, turning into a stream of light that flew into the magic bottle in Xu Qing’s storage bag.
 With just a step, he traveled more than 30 feet. After landing, he took another step.
 Although he didn’t fly, his speed was still astonishing. He quickly left the harbor and stepped onto the streets, moving faster and faster.
 A whistling sound rang out in his ears. It was a disciple using a flight talisman to move forward in the air. There were even more disciples running around him. When he passed by the Homicide Department, Xu Qing even saw his captain.
 The captain smiled at him and threw an apple over. When he got close, he whispered.
 “There’s no need to keep a straight face. No matter which race our target is, our goal is to get rich. The real big deal will be handled by those people on the mountain.” The captain winked at Xu Qing.
 Xu Qing nodded and ran as fast as he could with the captain.
 Just like that, the 4000 to 5000 people from the Seventh Peak who were participating in this competition gradually approached the central altar at their respective speeds.
 From afar, Xu Qing could see a gigantic circular array formation at the central altar.
 This array formation was formed by countless runes of various sizes. Every rune shone with a purple light, causing the light of the array formation to be so dazzling that it seemed like it could connect to the sky.
 It was a thousand feet tall, like a huge plate standing upright.
 Upon closer inspection, one could see that the runes inside were densely arranged in layers of rings. As the rings rotated irregularly, an earth-shattering aura faintly spread out.
 As he got closer, the aura became increasingly intense. Xu Qing’s eyes narrowed as he sensed how terrifying the aura was. His speed also slowed down.
 When he arrived at the central altar, there were already more than 2,000 people here.
 As for all the people who arrived, their speed slowed down after they got close. They stood in the surroundings and waited. Moreover, there was an instinctive gap between them. Only the murderous intent connected everyone’s auras, causing the dark clouds in the sky to become even denser.
 Vaguely, there was also an astonishing figure that was like a giant dragon swimming in the clouds, causing bolts of lightning to appear in the sky, accompanied by majestic thunder.
 Xu Qing took a deep breath and waited silently like others. Fifteen minutes was up. All the participants who were going to participate in the competition had arrived. No one spoke.
 Only numerous cold gazes gathered on the huge array formation from all directions.
 The spinning array formation suddenly rumbled.
 A purple catkin that was like a streamer separated from it. When it spread to the air, the end of the streamer broke open and a figure appeared.
 Foundation Building cultivation aura spread out from this figure.
 This wasn’t the end. Very soon, more and more streamers spread out from the array formation until there were a hundred of them.
 At the end of each streamer, the figures of cultivators could be seen. They were all Foundation Building cultivators.
 The descent of a hundred Foundation Building cultivators caused the aura in the surroundings to become even more oppressive. All the disciples below were shocked.
 Xu Qing was the same. As his heart trembled, another 13 purple catkins that were clearly much thicker floated out of the array formation and headed straight for the sky, like 13 long dragons rising into the air.
 Amidst the majestic aura, 13 god-like figures appeared on the 13 huge purple streamers.
 There were men and women among them, and all of their faces were blurry.
  Their appearance caused the surroundings to rumble. Xu Qing’s breathing was hurried. Although he couldn’t see the faces of these people clearly, he could still sense Elder Zhao’s aura from the third person.
 “Greetings, elders!”
 The hundred Foundation Building cultivators in the sky lowered their heads in unison. Their voices were like huge waves that rumbled in all directions. At the same time, the 13 Seventh Peak elders who were greeted by all the Foundation Building cultivators ignored them and bowed to the sky even higher.
 “Welcome, Peak Lord!”
 As their voices rang out, the clouds in the sky exploded with unprecedented lightning. The dark clouds that filled the air were instantly torn to pieces and revealed the huge figure hidden within.
 It was a huge wyvern that was pitch-black and ten thousand feet long. Its golden vertical pupils emitted a holy intent. Every black scale on its body emitted a terrifying fluctuation, causing the world to lose color and the wind and clouds to surge.
 It was as though the flapping of its wings could create a tsunami, and its roar could cause misery and suffering.
 On its back were rows of luxurious palaces.
 The palaces seemed to have grown on it and not built, as if they were one with it!
 A figure stood on the pavilion in the tallest palace.
 Because it was too far from the ground, Xu Qing couldn’t see the figure clearly. However, he could sense that this figure emitted a shocking pressure that seemed to be able to suppress everyone.
 In comparison, the 13 elders did not seem so high anymore and the 10,000-foot-long wyvern also became docile. This strength… surpassed Xu Qing’s understanding and couldn’t be described or compared. He could only lower his head.
 “That’s the Peak Lord’s Great Wing transformation!” The instant Xu Qing lowered his head, the captain’s voice rang out beside him.
 “Our magic boat is divided into four levels: boat, ship, warship, and liner. However, above these four levels is the legendary Great Wing…”
 Xu Qing’s heart trembled and he was about to ask when the first of the 13 elders spoke. Every word of his was like thunder that rumbled in all directions.
 “Seventh Peak’s disciples, know that our ally, the merfolk race, is treacherous and ungrateful. They colluded with our Seven Blood Eyes’ mortal enemy, the Sea Corpse Race. Through the joint decision of the Seven Blood Eyes’ Seven Peak Lords, the venue of the Seventh Peak’s Grand Competition will be changed to the merfolk race islands. The punishment is… extermination!”
 “If you kill a merfolk, you will be rewarded with 10,000 contribution points. The higher the cultivation level of the enemy, the more contribution points you will earn.”
 “The one who is ranked first will be given the qualifications to become a core disciple! During this period, you can collect all the spoils of war without reporting them!”
 “The Seventh Peak’s Grand Competition has begun!”
 As his voice rang out, the array formation began to rumble. The runes inside spun rapidly, causing the circular array formation to shine brightly.
 The wyvern roared at the sky. Amidst the deafening sound, it rushed out first and headed straight for the array formation, instantly entering it.
  Best novel online free at​ 𝕟𝕠𝕧𝕖𝕝𝕓𝕚𝕟   After it entered, the entire array formation suddenly expanded several times, covering the central altar and the sky at the same time.
 As the color of the world changed, the figures of the more than a hundred Foundation Building cultivators, the 13 elders, and the thousands of Seventh Peak disciples on the square were instantly covered by the light of the array formation.
 Everyone instantly disappeared!
 At that moment, everything was normal in the surroundings of the merfolk race’s territory.
 From a strategic point of view, the location of the four merfolk islands was better than the Nanhuang Continent. In fact, it was the same for trade and transportation.
 Its location was between the Nanhuang Continent and the Wanggu Continent. Its western territory was close to the Western Reef Archipelago, and the north was close to a forbidden zone on the Endless Sea.
 The geographical location of the merfolk race determined their personality to a certain extent.
 They were fickle-minded and rebellious. If the person who came was strong, they could grovel without hesitation. They could even smile sincerely while being beaten. However, once they got an opportunity, they would also change sides without hesitation, revealing their fangs and ruthlessly biting their allies.
 30 years ago, they were the same. They provoked the Seven Blood Eyes and immediately submitted after being suppressed by them. They groveled and chose to become allies.
 Now that thirty years had passed, they noticed the rising momentum of the Sea Corpse Race and colluded with it in an attempt to counterattack the Seven Blood Eyes.
  This was something the Seven Blood Eyes could not tolerate.
 The sky above the four merfolk islands was originally clear but in an instant, wind and lightning rumbled. Dark clouds suddenly appeared and spread, covering the sky and the sun, causing darkness and oppression to descend in all directions.
 The sea was even more turbulent. Waves rose and fell, as though there was endless pressure driving the waves forward.
 Bolts of lightning swam in the clouds and thunder rumbled. This strange phenomenon immediately attracted the attention of the merfolk race.
 They also knew that today was the day of the Seventh Peak’s competition. Although they had learned that the other party’s target for this competition was the Northern Spirit Race, they were still on guard.
 However, no matter how vigilant they were, they were still caught off guard by the Seven Blood Eyes’ will!
 Amidst the rumbling of lightning, a purple light appeared in the sky of the merfolk race. As soon as this light appeared, it immediately spread in all directions.
 In an instant, the sky above the four merfolk islands transformed into a sea of purple light.
 As an earth-shattering dragon roar rang out, a black wyvern suddenly crawled out of the sea of purple light. It let out a roar that shook the world.
 It spat out a black pearl.
 This bead looked very small from afar but in reality, it was hundreds of feet wide. The instant it appeared, the world rumbled. Countless bolts of lightning coiled around it and an astonishing pressure tore through the void, landing on the four merfolk islands below. 
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 183 Binding Island
As the bead fell, it seemed to affect the sea. The sea suddenly churned and the waves in the surroundings rose into a tsunami. It was like a giant hidden at the bottom of the sea had lifted its large hands and grabbed at the four merfolk islands.However, a huge light screen suddenly appeared on the four merfolk islands.This light screen was none other than the merfolk race's protective array. Its might was astonishing. At this moment, with the full-powered activation, it immediately slowed down the speed of the black pearl falling from the sky. However, the black bead's pressure was so strong that it caused the protective array to fluctuate intensely.The waves of the tsunami in the surroundings were stopped by the protective array. Booming sounds echoed and a furious roar rang out from Image Island, one of the four islands."Seven Blood Eyes, what are you trying to do?!"As the roar shook the sky, a huge face appeared. This face was illusory and rose from the island. It grew larger and larger until it was comparable to an island.It was the face of an old man with a beard. His eyes were filled with shock as he glared angrily at the figure on the wyvern.However, the instant he let out a furious roar,…On the four islands of the merfolk race, many of the array cores of the protective array collapsed from the inside and exploded.Someone seemed to have tampered with the array cores that numbered more than 40 long ago. The hidden mechanism was activated at that moment and instantly destroyed the cores!In addition, a powerful fluctuation appeared on each of the four islands.The Seven Blood Eyes had been preparing to destroy the merfolk race for a long time. They had already infiltrated the merfolk race deeply and understood them inside out. Since they dared to invade now, they clearly had absolute confidence.As the expression of the merfolk old man changed drastically, the black bead in the air suddenly shone with a black light. This light grew brighter and brighter and finally transformed into a huge palm that seemed to blot out the sky. It carried countless purple lightning as it slammed down on the face below and the protective array it was in.A huge explosion spread in all directions. The first thing that couldn't withstand it was the merfolk race's array formation. It rapidly caved in and finally collapsed, revealing a huge palm-shaped gap.Countless purple lightning bolts rapidly spread along the edges of the protective array. Wherever they passed, the array formation would completely collapse.The entire process only lasted for more than ten breaths of time. The merfolk's protective array collapsed at a speed visible to the naked eye.The backlash caused many areas on the four islands to explode into dust.After the palm print collapsed the array formation, it grew larger and larger, suppressing the illusory face formed by the merfolk old man and smashing it onto an island.This island was Image.A huge palm print appeared in the center of the island that was clearly visible from the sky.The surroundings of the palm print were filled with destroyed buildings and flesh and blood. However, at the center of the palm print was a tower which wasn't completely destroyed but there were huge cracks on it.This tower was like a temple built from white bones. It looked majestic but also extremely gloomy, and it gave off a feeling of grief and anger.This was because the material that was used to build this tower was countless bones, and they were all of humans!From the spirit energy left in the bones, these bones mostly belonged to the disciples of the Seven Blood Eyes.The merfolk old man whose illusory face had appeared in the air earlier was rapidly flying out of this tower. On the way, he spat out a mouthful of blood and his expression was extremely ugly. He looked at the sky and rushed over, wanting to counterattack.In the palace on the wyvern's body, the figure standing there looked at the tower on the Image Island. His cold voice spread everywhere."Merfolk race!""All these years, my Seven Blood Eyes has treated your race well.""After your race became our sect's ally, our sect provided great assistance in terms of resources many times. 23 years ago, your race encountered a calamity of anomalous substances and our sect did our best to help. We provided countless resources and their value is at least 100 million spirit stones.""Sixteen years ago, your race was attacked by the Spirit Wither Race and was in danger of being exterminated. No race came to save you, but I personally led the disciples to help you. Many of the disciples were sacrificed to resolve the crisis of your race. At that time, countless members of your race requested for my sect's sacrificed disciples to be buried here to prove our friendship.""These sacrificed disciples should have been revered by your race, but in order to curry favor with the Sea Corpse Race, your race dug out their corpses to build a tower as a tribute.""You repaid our kindness with ingratitude. If I don't destroy your race today, the world won't tolerate it." As he spoke, this figure took a step forward and stood in the air. It was the Seventh Peak's Peak Lord, Old Master Seventh.He wore a purple Daoist robe and his eyes seemed to contain lightning. He did not look angry but he let out an oppressive aura. The words he said resounded through the clouds. He sent another palm strike toward the merfolk ancestor who had rushed out of Image Island. After that, he flicked his sleeve and pointed his left hand at the void to the left.The merfolk ancestor below was suppressed immediately. Countless water droplets appeared in the surroundings and enveloped him, turning into a huge water pearl.The merfolk ancestor wanted to struggle but was unable to break free. His expression was distorted as he let out a deep roar."Zheng Kaiyi, stop talking about useless things. So what if we dug them out? The Sea Corpse Race is protecting our merfolk race now, and they are already on their way!""I'll wait."Old Master Seventh calmly spoke and looked at the void where he had pointed.That place distorted and another figure appeared. It wasn't a merfolk but a middle-aged cultivator who looked like a human.He wore black armor and his aura was strong, but he emitted an intense intent to die. From the visible parts of his body, it could be seen that he suffered skin necrosis and one could even see some maggots crawling around in his skin. It was as though he was a corpse to begin with.This person had clearly been hiding to launch a sneak attack. Now that he was discovered, he could not counterattack even if he wanted to. He was instantly sealed into water droplets by the countless water droplets that appeared in the surroundings and floated in the air along with the merfolk ancestor.After sealing these two, Old Master Seventh ignored them and pointed at the four merfolk islands below.Immediately, the wyvern roared and rows of astonishing magic tools appeared on its back, emitting torrential spells that headed straight for the islands.At the same time, in the purple sea in the sky, more figures appeared. They were none other than the Foundation Building cultivators of the Seventh Peak of the Seven Blood Eyes. Accompanying them were incomparably astonishing magic ships. please visit n0ve1b(in).ne)t  These magic ships were of different sizes but each of them had an astonishing aura. They appeared in unison and lined up in the sky. Their magic power was circulated to the extreme and they all bombarded the four islands below.The spell powers of the Foundation Building magic boats seemed to have transformed into more than a hundred spears that represented death. At the same time, 13 even more exaggeratedly huge magic warships that were 7000 to 8000 feet long squeezed out of the void and directly covered the four islands.Amidst the rumbling, the four islands trembled intensely. The target of the Seven Blood Eyes this time was none other than all the magic tools on the islands and the Core Formation cultivators.At the next instant, the countless magic tools on the four islands all collapsed. All the Core Formation cultivators had nowhere to hide and were locked onto. They were forced out by the spell and suppressed one by one in the air.At that moment, there were no more Core Formation cultivators on the four merfolk islands!After doing this, Old Master Seventh waved his hand and the sea of purple light in the sky suddenly sank and directly enveloped the four islands of the merfolk race, forming the sky cutting formation and suppression!Wails rang out from the array formation and all the merfolk cultivators spat out blood.Among them, Qi Condensation cultivators were still alright, but the cultivation of Foundation Building cultivators was actually suppressed. All of them fell by a major realm and were suppressed to the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm.On the Forbidden Sea outside the four islands of the merfolk race, purple lights flashed as the figures of the Seventh Peak's disciples appeared one after another.They were not surprised when they saw that they were above the Forbidden Sea. Instead, they immediately took out their magic boats and fell into the sea one after another.Xu Qing was among them.At this moment, Old Master Seventh, who was in the sky, calmly spoke."The Seventh Peak's Grand Competition has begun. Wolf cubs, you can enter now. Many races are watching this Grand Competition. Kill them well and showcase the elegant demeanor of my Seven Blood Eyes."He flicked his sleeve and a storm instantly blew over from the surrounding sea, speeding up the disciples' magic boats. They were like sharp blades that stabbed toward the four merfolk islands!In an instant, these four to five thousand disciples borrowed the power of the storm to lock onto their respective targets and rush toward different islands.Xu Qing looked at the large number of magic ships with terrifying auras in the sky in shock and then at the ruined islands covered in purple light in front of him. His mind was shaken.To him, it was just an instant of teleportation. However, he didn't expect that when he arrived, the outcome of the battle seemed to have already been decided. It was indeed as the captain had said earlier. The true major things were settled by those people on the mountain.To piedmont disciples like him, the main point of this competition was to get rich. Of course, the prerequisite was that they could survive.A sharp glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. He had already made a decision earlier. At this moment, he adjusted the direction of the magic boat and rushed toward Binding Island.His target was the Foundation Building holy item and the Foundation Building Pills on Binding Island. Although the effect of the former was ordinary, he also wanted to sell them for 500,000 spirit stones…There were many disciples who had the same thoughts as him, and most of them were at the upper levels of Qi Condensation. When observed from above, more than a thousand magic boats were heading to Binding Island.There were even speed-type magic boats that had already landed on the island.Xu Qing wasn't slow by much. Very soon, he approached the shore. He put away the magic boat and leaped up. After he got ashore, he headed straight for the jungle ahead.Just as he was about to get close, a cold glint flashed in his eyes. He instantly sped up and dodged the arrows formed by spells flying out of the jungle before charging over.In the jungle, some merfolk cultivators saw Xu Qing's arrival. Their eyes were filled with killing intent as they let out low roars. Xu Qing didn't slow down and directly headed toward them.As he brandished his dagger, heads started flying up. After killing three people in a row, Xu Qing suddenly jumped back and slashed behind him. Blood spurted out; the stomach of a vicious-looking merfolk cultivator who was about to launch a sneak attack was cut open.At the same time, the other merfolk cultivators in the surroundings all rushed toward him with malevolence and bloodthirst.Xu Qing narrowed his eyes. Although he loathed the merfolk race, his goal in coming here this time was to snatch the Foundation Building holy item and not to waste time in meaningless fights, so he tried to leave.However, merfolk cultivators appeared in front of him. They formed an encirclement with the merfolk race at the back.Xu Qing knew that he would not be able to leave, so he simply rushed over.A while later, his figure walked out of the battlefield. As the blood on the dagger in his hand dripped with the wind, he sped deeper into the jungle.At this moment, on the four merfolk islands, the battle between the Seventh Peak's disciples and the merfolk cultivators was erupting in many areas.The battles became increasingly intense!
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 184 Land Of The Nonhuman Race
Looking from the sky, the four islands of the merfolk race that were covered in purple light and frequently erupted with killing and spell fluctuations were arranged in the shape of a crescent moon.Among the four islands that formed the shape of a crescent moon, the one at the top was Mire Island. The two in the middle were Binding Island and Image Island, and the one at the bottom was Hidden Island.Among them, Image was the main island of the merfolk race and the other three were sub-islands.Xu Qing originally didn't know much about the merfolk race. However, the jade slip Huang Yan had given him had an extremely detailed description of the merfolk race.Not only were there various valuable places marked, but there were also mentions of the history and culture of the merfolk race.In the merfolk race's culture, after their people died, they would enter a strange world called Cloud Field through the Temple of Mire. They called it the divine kingdom and it was where their original god was buried.This god was called Mier.This was also the source of the name of the island. Hence, the armor worshiped in the volcano on the island was known as the Armor of Mire.However, although Mire was sacred in their myths, it still fell in the end. Moreover, the faith of the merfolk race needed a carrier. In fact, some of their experts also needed this carrier to cast their divine spells.Hence, they believed in another existence and embellished it with mystery. They called it Binding.This was how the Binding Island got its name.The jade slip Huang Yan had given him also mentioned this so-called God Binding. In reality… it was just a divine creature in the depths of the Forbidden Sea.It was powerful, but it was far from being called a god.As for the Hidden Island, it represented relics.The merfolk race placed great importance on the belongings and burial items of the dead. They felt that the more burial items there were, the greater the proof of their greatness when they were alive. Hence, most of the dead clansmen would be buried on Hidden Island with all their lifelong belongings.However, they weren't against future generations digging their graves. This was because in their culture, burial objects were dug out by fated clansmen to fight alongside them. That was considered another form of rebirth. Finally, there was Image.As the main island of the merfolk race, it was named after the surname of the first patriarch of the merfolk race. This surname was also the surname of the merfolk royal family.These were the four islands of the merfolk race and contained the foundation of their culture.The contents of the jade slip appeared in Xu Qing's mind. At the same time, he recalled what the little fatty had said. It was rumored that there were clues about a temple hidden in the merfolk Foundation Building holy item, the Spirit Breath Lantern.According to the legends of the merfolk race, after the first-generation god, Mire, died, the Temple of Mire disappeared with it. It was rumored that there was a hint of a clue to find the Temple of Mire hidden in the Spirit Breath Lantern, but no one discovered anything after so many years.Xu Qing didn't care about this. He only cared about the value of this Spirit Breath Lantern. Hence, while this information flashed through his mind, he didn't stop at all as he whistled through the jungle.His speed was extremely fast. From afar, Xu Qing heard many rumbling sounds and also sensed the fluctuations of spirit energy.This was the sound of the Seven Blood Eyes disciples fighting against the merfolk race.Xu Qing quickly swept his gaze across the surroundings. He habitually moved in a crouching posture, jumping across the tree crowns or walking in the dark and hidden spots of the jungle without slowing down.He was very familiar with the jungle environment.As he sped, Xu Qing's guess and analysis of the third highness and the sect back then were finally confirmed. He knew that no one would find trouble with him for killing the merfolk race.This made him feel at ease. He leaped to a tree crown and was about to borrow the momentum to move forward when his eyes suddenly narrowed.A sense of danger suddenly rose in his mind and he retreated. The instant he retreated, a red branch rushed out from the tree crown he was on earlier.This tree branch swept like a tentacle.The moment the branch appeared, the large tree withered visibly. At the same time, dozens of large trees in the surroundings withered as well.Red tree branches whistled in all directions, heading straight for Xu Qing.Xu Qing's expression was as calm as ever. His body rose and fell agilely but he didn't attack immediately. Instead, he dodged the surrounding branches and leaped up, looking at the source of these branches in the distance.The soil on the ground there was collapsing and a blood-colored thick tree was slowly rising from the ground.As it rose, red light flashed but it could not block Xu Qing's vision. He could clearly see that there were a large number of broken limbs buried in the tree trunk.The limbs belonged to both humans and nonhuman races.All of them were greenish-black.It was as though they were buried here and their flesh and blood had become nutrients for the tree. Moreover, they had also become a mutation point for the storage of anomalous substances.This was because as the tree rose, Xu Qing saw more than ten huge fruits growing on it.These fruits grew on the tree branches and were translucent. One could see a merfolk cultivator in each fruit.These merfolks had their eyes closed. A large amount of anomalous substances spread out from their bodies and fused into the fruit. They were then absorbed by the tree and sent to the countless corpses inside its trunk. Clearly, this was a special method of merfolk cultivators to remove anomalous substances from their bodies.Moreover, there wasn't just one such tree. There were at least seven to eight of them in Xu Qing's vision. One could imagine that there were definitely more such large trees in the entire jungle that surrounded the outer area of Binding Island.Just as Xu Qing was looking into the distance, the red branches that looked like tentacles whistled over from all directions with intense killing intent.However, the instant they got close to Xu Qing, the red branch that was the fastest to approach suddenly withered at a speed visible to the naked eye. The redness was replaced by black spots, and these black spots seemed to have a life of their own as they rapidly spread out, corroding wherever they passed.All of this caused the tree branch to suddenly rot as it got closer, causing a large amount of black slime to fall.This slime was also highly toxic. After it landed on the ground, it would corrode any substance it came into contact with. Even the soil emitted a sizzling sound.Moreover, that branch wasn't the only one to rot. All the branches that were close to Xu Qing instantly rotted. The black spots on the branches didn't dissipate and followed the branches to their source.From afar, one could see that the black color rapidly covered the dozens of melting branches and spread toward the huge blood-colored tree from all directions.Just as the huge tree was about to be swarmed by the black color, the dozen or so fruits suddenly trembled. The merfolk cultivators inside sensed danger and opened their eyes one after another, breaking out of their shells.However, not all merfolk cultivators could awaken and escape so quickly. In the end, only four were able to rush out in time.As for the rest… the instant the tree was covered in black color, the fruits instantly turned pitch-black and rotted as though they had been dripped with thick ink.This scene incensed the four merfolk cultivators. Their cultivation bases at the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm erupted as they charged toward Xu Qing.In their perception, Xu Qing was also at the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm and he was a human. Very few humans could awaken racial talents. Hence, when fighting at the same realm, the nonhuman races had the advantage.Although the poison path was invasive, their body structure was different from the human's, so they could ignore many human poisons.Hence, these four merfolk cultivators approached Xu Qing without hesitation. However, the instant they got close, a cold glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes and his speed suddenly increased.This speed exceeded the judgment of the four merfolk cultivators. Before they could express horror, Xu Qing had already arrived in front of a merfolk cultivator. His dagger swept out with a cold light. The instant the merfolk's head flew up, his body ruthlessly collided with another merfolk cultivator.Cracking sounds rang out, even though the merfolk cultivator who was knocked into by him had a powerful racial talent that could dissipate some impact, he still couldn't withstand it. Before he could let out a cry, his bones and flesh shattered.As flesh and blood splattered everywhere, Xu Qing's dagger left his hand and headed straight for the forehead of the third merfolk cultivator. At the same time, the face of the last merfolk cultivator turned pale and intense fear appeared in his eyes. He didn't dare to continue approaching and quickly retreated.However, it was too late.He had only fled for less than 100 feet when his body trembled and countless black spots appeared.As the black spots spread out, his miserable cries rang out. His body rapidly corroded until it melted.Some poisons were indeed ineffective on merfolks due to their internal body structure, Xu Qing specially targeted this point and had optimized his poison powder.After killing the four, Xu Qing walked over and searched the four of them for items when his mind stirred and he looked into the distance. In the distance, a Seven Blood Eyes disciple appeared.Xu Qing was unfamiliar with this person, but the fluctuations from the latter's Sea Transformation Art that were close to the great circle of perfection proved that the other party was indeed a fellow sect member. At the same time that he looked over, this disciple suddenly stopped in his tracks.The instant his gaze met Xu Qing's, the Seven Blood Eyes disciple's breathing paused. It was as though he had encountered a powerful sea beast on the Forbidden Sea, causing his body to stiffen. He relied on his great willpower to barely move and speak."Senior Brother, I don't have any ill intentions. I'm just passing by." As he spoke, he hurriedly took out a large number of medicinal pills and swallowed them. After that, he raised his hands to indicate that he had no ill intentions and slowly retreated.Xu Qing coldly glanced at this person. After organizing the spoils of war, he left.It was only after he confirmed that Xu Qing had moved far away that the Seven Blood Eyes disciple, whose cultivation was close to the great circle of perfection, gasped. His eyes were still filled with horror and his heart was beating extremely rapidly."If I had gotten closer or revealed any ill intentions earlier, I might have died here!"The aura emitted by Xu Qing and his ruthless actions really gave him a huge pressure. This pressure caused him to have an illusion just now. It was as though he wasn't facing a Qi Condensation cultivator but a Foundation Building deacon from the sect."When did such a ruthless person appear at the foot of the mountain…"He had been out at sea for the past half a year, so he didn't know of Xu Qing's existence. He quickly left. However, after taking a few steps, he spat out a large mouthful of black blood, scaring him so much that he hurriedly consumed a large number of medicinal pills again. Only then did he feel a little better.This was mainly because the poison Xu Qing used earlier was mainly targeted at the merfolk race. Otherwise, if it was the ones in the past, this person would definitely die when he got close to the battlefield. Best n0vel online free at n0νEℓnEXт  "His cultivation is high, he's decisive in killing, and he has terrifying attainments in the poison path…" The fear in the eyes of this old disciple of the Seven Blood Eyes was intense. He didn't dare to follow Xu Qing's path but moved in another direction. He had already decided that he wouldn't go anywhere the other party went even if he died.Just like that, time flowed by. The slaughter on the four merfolk islands continued with casualties on both sides. Xu Qing also slowly fought his way out of the jungle.The moment he walked out of the jungle, he saw a merfolk city in the distance.That city was special. It wasn't built from bricks but was the skeleton of an enormous fish.This skeleton was extremely majestic. It was as big as an area in the Seven Blood Eyes' main city.Xu Qing compared the scene with the information about Binding Island in the jade slip Huang Yan had given him. He then sped toward the city.
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 185 Target: Foundation Building Pagoda
The Binding Island wasn't very large. There were three cities and many village-like campsites on it. Xu Qing's target was the main city, Fishbone City.When he landed on the island, he had landed on the shore closest to this city."Binding City…" Xu Qing's eyes gleamed as he sped toward the city.Binding Island was already a mess. One could see ruins here and there which were caused by the bombardment from Old Master Seventh, the Seven Blood Eyes' Foundation Building and Core Formation warships.In the distance, black smoke billowed and the sounds of battle rang out from all directions. The entire island was in chaos.Xu Qing's gaze was reserved as he headed straight for Fishbone City. That place didn't seem far but in reality, even with Xu Qing's speed, it would still take him an hour to get close.As he got closer, the vastness of the fish skeleton was revealed.Xu Qing looked at the skeleton and could feel a powerful pressure coming from it. He couldn't imagine how powerful this fish was when it was alive.However, it was obvious that this pressure wasn't a threat to the merfolk race. Perhaps this was related to their race's characteristics.Under this pressure, one would not be able to maintain calm and their cultivation would be suppressed by quite a bit. However, the entire world was now covered by a sea of purple light, so no matter how great the pressure of the fish skeleton was in the past, it was mostly suppressed right now.Although the remaining pressure was still powerful, it did not have much suppression on cultivation bases.As he got closer, Xu Qing heard the continuous rumbling in the city and also sensed the fluctuations of spells. He knew that many disciples had entered first. He directly leaped into the city.The architectural style of the Binding City, which was built on the fish skeleton, was strange. Some of the buildings were shaped like human houses, some were strange like beehives, and some residences were plants like mushrooms or seaweed.There were also some which were simply sunken ships and shells.Among them, those human buildings clearly had the style of the Seven Blood Eyes. Moreover, these buildings were made of bricks and tiles. It seemed that the Seven Blood Eyes' disciples had once come here to build for the merfolk race.Xu Qing's gaze didn't stop as he ran toward the center of the city.His destination was the Foundation Building Pagoda at the center of the city.According to the clues given by Huang Yan, the Foundation Building holy item, the Spirit Breath Lantern, was placed in the Foundation Building Pagoda. That place was usually guarded by experts of the merfolk race."I have to think of a way to get it. If I can't succeed, then I have to go to the pill vault of this city to find the Foundation Building Pill." Xu Qing knew that time was tight, so he headed straight ahead.However, he didn't use the flight talisman. After all, there was still a huge difference between speeding through the city and running amok in the air. The latter was too eye-catching. Although the merfolk cultivators' cultivation levels had been suppressed and Xu Qing was very strong, it was still inappropriate to be so eye-catching.As Xu Qing moved forward, he got closer and closer to his destination. On the way, he also saw some Seven Blood Eyes disciples. Most of these disciples walked in the dark and corners, only focused on plundering items. Even if they killed, it was usually for benefits.Very few focused on killing.Even though there would occasionally be friction between these disciples because they had targeted the same valuable item, they would usually handle it immediately. After all, the city was so big, so there was no need to be calculative.Xu Qing also saw some representative buildings that seemed to have witnessed the relationship between the Seven Blood Eyes and the merfolk race. For example, he was looking at a stone tablet.This stone tablet was tall and completely preserved. There were a large number of names on it.Looking at the style of the characters, this was the tombstone left behind by the Seven Blood Eyes when they came to help the merfolk race many years ago.The stone tablet was very clean, as though it would be cleaned often.However, upon closer inspection, under the penetration of the array formation in the sky and the stone tablet that had lost its concealment power, all the bones were gone.Moreover, there were obvious signs of excavation…Xu Qing looked at the stone tablet and then lifted his head to look at the many cultivators of the Seventh Peak in the sky. He understood why the higher-ups of the Seven Blood Eyes were so angry.However, to Xu Qing, it hadn't been long since he came to the Seven Blood Eyes. Everything was for benefits, so he didn't have much sympathy. It was just that he instinctively hated such ungrateful actions. Best n0vel online free at n0νEℓnEXт  He retracted his gaze and suddenly raised his right hand. Countless water droplets instantly appeared, forming a protective barrier around him, blocking the dozen or so bubbles that suddenly flew out from the stone tablet.These bubbles instantly collapsed after coming into contact with the water droplets, forming intense fluctuations. Five merfolk cultivators rushed out from the surroundings and headed straight for Xu Qing with malevolence and cruelty.Xu Qing coldly looked over and waved his hand. Immediately, the water curtain around him spread out, transforming into water arrows that instantly pierced through them.Xu Qing left this place. After he left, the five merfolk cultivators' bodies that were riddled with holes fell to the ground. The leather pouches on their bodies were rolled up by the water droplets which quickly chased after Xu Qing. Xu Qing grabbed the leather pouches and stored them. His footsteps were as fast as flying as he got closer and closer to the Foundation Building Pagoda.Xu Qing acted the same as other disciples. He wasn't in the mood to kill people and only wanted to reach his destination. Of course, if he encountered an ignorant person who took the initiative to provoke him, he wouldn't mind making some profits. Finally, an hour later, Xu Qing saw the Foundation Building Pagoda at the center of the city.The appearance of this pagoda was different from the norm. According to the description on Huang Yan's jade slip, this pagoda was in the shape of the merfolk god Binding.From afar, the appearance of this pagoda was that of an old woman in a long robe. However, there were countless tentacles protruding from her body. Each of these tentacles had eyes and surrounded the surroundings. When viewed from the side, it looked like there was a ghost face on the old woman's back.Its long tongue fell to the side, as though it had transformed into a shadow of Binding. At the hollowed out top of the pagoda which was Binding's head, a lantern could be seen.The distance was too far, so Xu Qing couldn't see the details clearly. However, it seemed that there were still people meditating there, as though they were breaking through under the lantern. There were also many guards anxiously guarding outside the pagoda.Xu Qing's eyes narrowed. He could tell that those people were unlucky to be undergoing the Hundred-day Foundation Building at this time. Due to this unforeseen event, there was a high chance that they wouldn't be able to succeed.The instant Xu Qing observed the Foundation Building Pagoda, a hint of killing intent erupted from his side. A green palm silently appeared, slashing toward Xu Qing's neck with a sharp shell.Xu Qin raised his brows and the cultivation base in his body erupted. The Ba shadow behind him manifested and emitted a soundless roar, forming an astonishing heat that spread in all directions.This caused the shell that was swinging at his neck to instantly collapse. The palm that was holding the shell also retracted abruptly. As the void distorted, a translucent figure that was rapidly retreating was revealed.Killing intent flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. He looked at the figure who was trying his best to hide but still revealed a blurry outline in the heat wave and rushed over.After he got close, Xu Qing punched out with his right hand.The surroundings rumbled. Xu Qing's punch combined with the Ba shadow could injure even Foundation Building cultivators if they didn't activate their Mystic Brilliance Form. That strange figure was clearly shocked but it was too late to dodge.However, at the critical moment, a talisman appeared in front of the translucent cultivator and turned into a light screen to block the punch.Boom.The talisman's light screen couldn't withstand the impact and directly collapsed. After the slight pause, Xu Qing immediately moved forward but the space in front of him was empty. The other party had completely disappeared."Invisibility?" Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and turned to walk toward the Foundation Building Pagoda, as though he had given up. However, when he took his seventh step, his body suddenly moved and slammed behind him.As he slammed toward the back, he also stabbed ruthlessly and continuously behind him.The invisible figure behind him struggled and attacked him as well. However, Xu Qing's powerful physical body allowed him to not care about these and he didn't care even if he was injured.At the next instant, he grabbed behind him with his left hand and slammed down. As the ground rumbled, the transparent figure that he had stabbed dozens of times and was poisoned finally revealed itself.It had green eyes, a scale-covered body, and prominent gills. It was none other than a merfolk.The other party looked to be a middle-aged man. Although his cultivation was at the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm, if it was any other Seven Blood Eyes disciple at the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm, it was hard to say if they could survive.This was because to be able to withstand Xu Qing's poison for so long before it acted up and such bizarre attacks could only mean that this person's true cultivation was definitely not at the Qi Condensation Realm.This was a merfolk Foundation Building cultivator!However, with the suppression from the array formation, he was pushed down to the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm.At that moment, his eyes were filled with disbelief. He was clearly heavily injured but he still bit the tip of his tongue and tried to counterattack. However, at the next instant, a black light flashed. The black iron stick carried an astonishingly sharp intent as it broke through the space between his brows.After it stabbed, the black iron stick emitted a Foundation Building fluctuation that spread throughout the merfolk's body, destroying all the organs in his body.Seeing that the other party was completely dead, Xu Qing walked closer and pulled out the black iron stick. He then rummaged through the merfolk cultivator's body and found a pouch.This wasn't an ordinary pouch. This was a storage bag!Xu Qing's heart sped up for a moment but he didn't open it immediately. Instead, he kept it and rushed toward the Foundation Building Pagoda in front of him.At the same time, in the sky, Old Master Seventh crossed his hands behind his back and looked at the distant horizon. Behind him were 13 elders and more than 100 Foundation Building cultivators. They were all standing silently.Two huge water droplets floated on the sides of Old Master Seventh. Other than the corpse-like cultivator, there was also the merfolk ancestor sealed inside.At this moment, the merfolk ancestor looked at the island below through the water droplet and suddenly smiled."Zheng Kaiyi, do you really think victory is in your grasp?!"Almost at the instant he finished speaking, the four islands of the merfolk race started to shake. Waves of black light erupted from the surrounding sea surface and rapidly covered the islands. They instantly connected together and transformed into a large array that was like a black barrier that covered everything inside.This black barrier kept distorting, as though it was negating the power of the Seven Blood Eyes' array formation. Once the Seven Blood Eyes' array formation was neutralized, the merfolk Foundation Building cultivators inside would recover their cultivation.At that time, this competition would turn into the merfolks slaughtering the Seven Blood Eyes' disciples!"Zheng Kaiyi, the Sea Corpse Race should be here soon. It won't be long before your disciples dissolve with your sect's array formation and become sacrifices for our race!"A black light suddenly erupted from the distant horizon and a huge vortex appeared in the sky. The aura of death that carried an incomparable chill crazily spread out from it, causing the surface of the sea to seem like it was about to freeze.As this aura enveloped the world, a ten thousand-foot-long half-rotten crocodile crawled out.Its yellow eyes revealed intense coldness and its body, which was filled with countless vengeful spirits, revealed malevolence. As it crawled out, one could see several figures standing on the head of the rotting crocodile. Every one of them had a shocking aura and behind them was a densely-packed cultivator army!It was… the Sea Corpse Race!"They're here." Old Master Seventh looked at all this with his usual expression and smiled.
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 186 Hungry Xue Lianzi
Inside and outside the Wanggu Continent, regardless of whether it was the various islands or the countless forbidden zones, there were a large number of strange races.The Sea Corpse Race was one of them.This race was located at the edge of the forbidden zone in the Endless Sea. Before the fragmented face of the god arrived countless eras ago, there was no Sea Corpse Race in this world.When the god arrived, His aura tainted and changed the course of all things. Some races disappeared from history, while others continued to struggle. At the same time, some new races were born.Among these new races, one of them was the Sea Corpse Race.This race had strange characteristics. They could directly absorb anomalous substances. Moreover, they didn't have the ability to reproduce. The growth of their race and the increase of their clansmen depended on special methods.That was… conversion.Their unique method could allow them to mark and revive the dead.The corpses that were resurrected after being marked had incomplete memories of their previous lives like they were different people. Their personality would become violent, cruel, and bloodthirsty. Moreover, their bodies would emit dense anomalous substances that wouldn't be tolerated by the world. At the same time, the summoning of the Sea Corpse Race would echo in their minds.This summoning guided them to the Sea Corpse Race's territory and they would become a member of the Sea Corpse Race. They would cultivate the cultivation arts that belonged to the Sea Corpse Race. This allowed them to gradually recover their intelligence and continue to grow stronger.However, the characteristics of this race made them even more heartless the more they cultivated. They would not care about their past.In addition, the higher one's cultivation was when they were alive, the stronger their combat strength would be after they were transformed. However, there were many restrictions to the transformation and the success rate wasn't high. Hence, this race didn't become a great calamity for the various races. And due to some special reasons as well, they were allowed to exist.Over the many eras, the Sea Corpse Race had discovered that the success rate of transforming the corpses of human cultivators was relatively higher, so their focus was on the human race.As for the Seven Blood Eyes, they were located in the Nanhuang Continent and weren't far from the Sea Corpse Race's territory. Hence, the hatred between them became increasingly intense. Wars would erupt every once in a while.Now, with the help of the incident on Merfolk Island, the Sea Corpse Race's army could arrive without any fear. As the vortex spread out, the ten-thousand-foot-long crocodile roared sinisterly and stepped in the air. Its body was already halfway out.The few figures above its head were all covered in black miasma. That was a manifestation of the dense anomalous substances.Under the envelopment of this black gas, their appearances couldn't be seen clearly. One could only see their red eyes in the black fog and their cultivation fluctuations that didn't seem inferior to the merfolk ancestor.Noticing the arrival of the Sea Corpse Race, the merfolk ancestor laughed loudly."Zheng Kaiyi, I want to see what other tricks your sect has up its sleeves!""Then watch carefully." Old Master Seventh's expression was as calm as ever. He took out an ordinary jade slip and threw it at the Sea Corpse Race that was currently appearing aggressively with endless baleful aura and anomalous substances.This jade slip flew lightly and arrived in front of the Sea Corpse Race's army. Before it reached the Sea Corpse Race, it collapsed and shattered on its own.The instant it shattered, the sky rumbled, as though countless thunder had exploded in unison.The entire sky caved in and cracks formed in the sky.These cracks were like dragons and snakes swimming around, passing through the sky violently. It looked like an invisible brush was painting in the sky.These cracks connected together and shockingly… a gigantic figure was outlined in the sky!It was the figure of an old man!He seemed to have fused with the sky. His face was expressionless as he stared at the living beings below.Under his gaze, the sea stirred up unprecedented waves. Even the existences at the bottom of the sea hid themselves. All the sea beasts were trembling.Under his sweeping gaze, the merfolk ancestor directly spat out a mouthful of blood. His eyes revealed extreme horror. His body kept trembling and he actually knelt down. Best n0vel online free at n0νEℓnEXт  Under his gaze, the thousand-foot-long crocodile that had walked out halfway wailed. Its rotting body seemed to be decaying faster but it didn't dare to move at all.The figures of the several experts of the Sea Corpse Race above its head also fluctuated intensely. Their bodies shivered uncontrollably.All of them spat out blood.Many of their army directly exploded."Welcome, Ancestor!" Old Master Seventh took a deep breath and bowed respectfully to the old man formed by the cracks in the sky.The other elders and Foundation Building cultivators in the surroundings were all the same. All of them lowered their heads and greeted loudly. The instant they greeted, the Seven Blood Eyes' ancestor in the sky suddenly swayed. Immediately, the countless cracks that formed his body seemed to have separated from the sky and turned into red threads.They moved toward the Sea Corpse Race which was in chaos right now.As the expressions of the Sea Corpse Race cultivators changed drastically, these red lines rapidly enveloped them and passed through. The instant they passed through, it was as though they had devoured all the vitality as all the Sea Corpse Race members withered.In an instant, the thousand-foot-long crocodile's body disintegrated. The bodies of the several experts of the Sea Corpse Race above its head withered and died.As for the army at the back, they also could not escape this calamity. They were all reduced to ashes by the arrival of these red threads… The massacre was finished in just an instance. However, these red threads didn't stop at all. They swept up terrifying fluctuations and headed straight for the vortex that the Sea Corpse Race had walked out of.It was as though that place was their target!!The vortex wanted to close but it was too late. Before it could close, endless red threads surged in with greed and madness…At the next moment, the vortex disappeared. However, one could imagine that the other side of the vortex must be in an extremely tragic state!Now that the vortex and red threads had disappeared, the sky was clear again. The sea also regained its waves, as though nothing had happened.Only the withered corpses of the dead cultivators of the Sea Corpse Race splattered onto the surface of the sea like rain."What do you think?" Old Master Seventh looked at the merfolk ancestor who was kneeling and trembling."Broke-broke through… the Seven Blood Eyes' ancestor, Xue <anno data-annotation-id="de511b02-44bc-415b-86b4-87ff9bab87d7">Lianzi</anno>… broke through! Zheng Kaiyi, your Seven Blood Eyes' target wasn't our merfolk race. Your target is the Sea Corpse Race!!" The merfolk ancestor's eyes were filled with despair.At the side, the Sea Corpse cultivator, who was also enveloped by the water droplets, also felt as though his entire body was about to melt. His originally cold expression was now replaced by fear."Looks like you still have some brains left. My sect doesn't need to spend much effort on a mere merfolk race. It's just that the ancestor is very hungry from breaking through, so I used you guys to bait the Sea Corpse Race.""I also have to thank your race for attracting the Sea Corpse Race, allowing them to take the initiative to open the gateway for the ancestor just when he broke through and was hungry.""Now, the competition can continue." Old Master Seventh smiled. He swept up the merfolk ancestor and the Sea Corpse Race captive at the side and stepped onto the great wing. He sat there with a leisurely expression.As for the battlefield below, he didn't forcefully open it to observe. It was originally to nurture Gu, so it was naturally good to increase the disciples' sense of danger. As for how tragic it was inside, he didn't care."Those wolf cubs are probably here to make a fortune. There's nothing much to see."At the same time, on Binding Island, in the Fishbone City, Xu Qing, who was speeding toward the Foundation Building Pagoda in front of him, suddenly lifted his head. He didn't see what was happening in the outside world. What he saw was that the entire sky was dark.That was the merfolk race's array formation melting the Seven Blood Eyes' purple sea. As the purple sea slowly dissipated, the suppression also showed signs of loosening. This caused Xu Qing's eyes to narrow."I have to speed up!" Xu Qing immediately took out a flight talisman and stuck it on his leg. His speed soared and he transformed into a rainbow that headed straight for the Foundation Building Pagoda.He reached the pagoda in just over 30 breaths of time. He saw more than 70 merfolk cultivators around the Foundation Building Pagoda.Xu Qing glanced at the 100-foot-tall Foundation Building Pagoda in front of him. Clearly, these cultivators were protecting the people in the pagoda. It was obvious that the identities of the cultivators in the pagoda weren't simple.There were also seven to eight Seven Blood Eyes disciples here. They all had designs on the Spirit Breath Lantern. After all, its value was 500,000 spirit stones.They were fighting among themselves and there were many corpses on the ground belonging to both Seven Blood Eyes disciples and merfolk cultivators.The stench of blood permeated the surroundings, causing those unfamiliar to it to vomit. However, those who were used to it would instinctively feel bloodthirsty.Xu Qing's figure that rushed over immediately attracted the attention of both sides. However, before they could see clearly, Xu Qing, with the support of the flight talisman and his own speed, transformed into an afterimage and headed straight for the top of the Foundation Building Pagoda.Furious roars rang out from the surroundings. The dozens of merfolk cultivators who didn't participate in the battle quickly moved to stop him.Among them, one of them looked to be at the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm but in reality, his cultivation level was much higher. Clearly, he was once at the Foundation Building Realm. He glared at Xu Qing and performed a series of hand seals.Immediately, the phantom of a merfolk holding a fork appeared behind him. Its entire body was black and it looked sinister and savage as it charged fiercely at Xu Qing. At the same time, the other merfolks also casted spells and encircled Xu Qing from all directions.In addition, the eyes of the surrounding Seven Blood Eyes disciples also flickered with coldness. All of them used their trump cards and quickly rushed to the top of the Foundation Building Pagoda. Clearly, they wanted to take advantage of the opportunity while Xu Qing attracted the attention of the merfolk race to take the holy item.A cold light filled Xu Qing's eyes. The moment he arrived, he had already made a decision. No matter who dared to snatch it from him this time, he would kill them. He waved his hand and the light above his head instantly flickered. As black light spread out as his magic boat manifested.The magic boat that was hundreds of feet long appeared and emitted a terrifying aura. Moreover, it was floating which made it different from the other disciples' boats.The instant it appeared, as Xu Qing performed a series of hand seals, the four legs of the alligator turtle-like magic boat suddenly landed. Amidst cracking sounds, over ten thousand sharp iron pieces transformed into a storm with violent power that erupted in all directions.All the merfolk cultivators in the range of the storm let out blood-curdling cries before they were cut into pieces. Even the expression of the Foundation Building merfolk changed drastically and he retreated rapidly with horror on his face. However, he was still swept up by the iron storm.He screamed and shouted as his flesh and skin got torn apart. A dagger moved toward him at an astonishing speed and pierced through his neck.The Seven Blood Eyes disciples were not an exception. From the moment they had decided to snatch the holy item from Xu Qing, Xu Qing didn't plan to hold back. At that moment, corpses were strewn everywhere. There were no longer any survivors outside the pagoda.Xu Qing didn't stop at all as he continued toward the top of the Foundation Building Pagoda.Through the gap there, he saw a merfolk youth meditating, as well as a lantern beside him.This lantern looked strange, like an upside-down opened black umbrella. The handle of the umbrella was the wick.Its dim yellow light enveloped and protected the merfolk youth.<annotations style="display: none;"><ol class="tinymce-annotation-container"><li data-annotation-id="de511b02-44bc-415b-86b4-87ff9bab87d7">Translates to Blood Refiner.</li></ol></annotations>",
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 187 The Shadow Awakens!
Xu Qing immediately punched. However, the outer wall of the pagoda was extremely firm. There was also a layer of barrier that instantly spread out, neutralizing the power of Xu Qing's punch.However, because of the Seven Blood Eyes array formation in the air above the island, all cultivation and external forces were forcefully suppressed at the Qi Condensation Realm. This Foundation Building Pagoda was no exception. The protective barrier it emitted was severely weakened. Although it neutralized Xu Qing's punch, it shook intensely.A cold glint flashed in Xu Qing's eyes. He didn't have time to waste. He performed a series of hand seals with his right hand and the magic boat at the side instantly buzzed and changed directions, smashing fiercely toward the pagoda.The sturdiness of Xu Qing's magic boat was already comparable to a Foundation Building item. It could be said that other than the fact that it didn't have a Foundation Building power source, this was a Foundation Building magic ship.The powerful collision instantly destroyed the protective barrier outside the Foundation Building Pagoda and also shattered the outer wall.Xu Qing kept the magic boat and rushed in through the damaged part.In the pagoda, the flames of the Spirit Breath Lantern swayed, illuminating Xu Qing's shadow on the wall.Xu Qing didn't pause at all and directly moved toward the Spirit Breath Lantern. However, at this moment, the merfolk youth who was breaking through suddenly opened his eyes. His expression revealed anxiety and anger. Just as he was about to speak, he spat out a large mouthful of blood.The cultivation power in his body instantly became chaotic. However, he still gritted his teeth and pointed at Xu Qing. Immediately, a merfolk phantom formed behind him and slapped fiercely at Xu Qing.Xu Qing punched out fiercely, forming a storm that directly landed on the merfolk phantom.The phantom instantly collapsed, and even the merfolk youth behind it spat out a mouthful of blood. His body was swept up and slammed into the wall at the side.The pagoda had lost the protective barrier, so the wall became ordinary. It collapsed under the impact, and the merfolk youth's body fell through it.Xu Qing didn't have the time to bother with the other party. He quickly approached the Spirit Breath Lantern and grabbed at it.Right at this moment, his shadow that was reflected under the lantern's light distorted. It moved on its own!Xu Qing lifted his hand, and so did the shadow.However, before Xu Qing could grab the Spirit Breath Lantern, his shadow suddenly extended a little further. Its black hand actually beat Xu Qing to it and instantly extended to the Spirit Breath Lantern. It was as if it hated this burning fire to the extreme and… extinguished it!Xu Qing suddenly paused and turned his head to look at the wall.The shadow disappeared from the wall after extinguishing the fire.However, Xu Qing's perception could clearly sense the shadow rapidly drawing back and restoring its normal appearance.Xu Qing's expression was ugly as he grabbed the Spirit Breath Lantern.After this lantern was extinguished, it didn't look anything special. Only its shape was special.However, Xu Qing was in no mood to care about the Spirit Breath Lantern. He stared coldly at his shadow, his expression becoming increasingly gloomy. The other party's actions reminded him of the words the mute youth had left in the jade slip."It's sleeping."The scene earlier, after connecting it to the words in the jade slip, gave Xu Qing the feeling of a person in deep sleep. His eyes were dazzled by the light that suddenly appeared. Hence, in his impatience, he instinctively raised his hand and extinguished it.A terrifying glint appeared in Xu Qing's eyes. Suddenly, the spirit energy in his body gushed into the Spirit Breath Lantern. With the continuous transfer of spirit energy, the Spirit Breath Lantern was ignited again.The light of the fire spread out in all directions, causing Xu Qing's shadow to appear on the wall again.The instant the lantern was lit, the shadow on the wall distorted under the illumination of the fire. Very soon, the black shadow hand stretched out again and arrived at the Spirit Breath Lantern Xu Qing was holding, wanting to extinguish it.Xu Qing let out a cold snort and his will spread out, controlling the shadow with all his might, causing the shadow's hand to pause beside the Spirit Breath Lantern. It was actually showing a hint of struggle.It was as though it wanted to ignore Xu Qing's control and extinguish the light."Are you sleeping or pretending to be asleep?" Xu Qing coldly spoke. At the same time, he circulated the purple crystal, forming a suppressive force that ruthlessly suppressed the shadow that was struggling under his control.Xu Qing was very familiar with suppression. Previously, he would suppress it about five to six times a day. However, this time, the number of times Xu Qing suppressed it reached 13 in one go.Under his suppression, the shadow trembled intensely and grew dimmer.Xu Qing's face was expressionless but he didn't stop. He suppressed it for over 20 times until the shadow distorted and showed signs of shattering.However, Xu Qing wasn't satisfied with just this. He coldly looked at the shadow and lifted the lit Spirit Breath Lantern to the shadow. At the same time, he let go of his control over the shadow.However, this time, the shadow didn't dare to extinguish the light. It trembled even more intensely and didn't even dare to evade the light.Xu Qing's expression was still cold. He placed the Spirit Breath Lantern completely in his shadow. The light from the Spirit Breath Lantern changed in color in the shadow. It was no longer dim yellow but a dark green color that was filled with strangeness. The shadow's trembling had reached its limit, but it still didn't dare to resist.Xu Qing narrowed his eyes and was about to speak when his expression suddenly changed. He lowered his head and looked at the Spirit Breath Lantern in his hand.When he held this lantern earlier, regardless of whether it was extinguished or lit, there was no strange change. However, now that it was placed in his shadow, it actually emitted a faint fluctuation.At the same time, there seemed to be a fluctuation coming from the underground. Both sides were resonating.Xu Qing's expression changed and he immediately took out the Spirit Breath Lantern from his shadow. The moment he took it out, the fluctuations disappeared as though they had never appeared. The lantern seemed to have returned to normal.Xu Qing fell silent. As the shadow trembled, he placed the lantern in it again. The fluctuations rose again and the guidance was very clear."This is…" Xu Qing recalled the rumors about the Temple of Mire in the jade slip the little fatty had given him.This caused him to have some guesses. As he fell into deep thought, Xu Qing coldly glanced at the shadow. He didn't care if the other party could understand him or not as he spoke in a low voice."You can continue sleeping."After saying that, Xu Qing memorized the specific location indicated by the resonance. He blew out the Spirit Breath Lantern in his hand and stored it. After that, he leaped down the Foundation Building Pagoda.When he landed, he quickly checked his surroundings, searching for the merfolk youth who had fallen earlier.The other party had suffered a backlash from failing to reach Foundation Building and had suffered a blow from him. Even if he didn't die, he would be heavily injured. At this moment, his gaze swept over and landed on the ground not far away.There was a corpse there. It was none other than the merfolk youth.Clearly, the backlash from failing to reach Foundation Building was severe. After he fell to the ground, he wasn't able to crawl far before he died. Best n0vel online free at n0νEℓnEXт  However, Xu Qing was still worried. He cast a few spells and even scattered poison powder. Only after he confirmed that the other party wasn't pretending to be dead did he approach. He quickly searched the merfolk's body and took out a storage bag."His identity isn't simple. He must have prepared Foundation Building Pills. I hope he hasn't finished them." Xu Qing was tempted. He quickly opened the storage bag and took a look, a smile appearing on his face. He kept the bag and was about to leave.However, at this moment… a sound of applause came from not far away.Xu Qing turned his head and saw a figure walking over while clapping with half a small apple in his mouth.It was the captain!"Wow, Deputy Captain Xu, did you kill everyone here? Looks like you gained a lot. You should have taken that Spirit Breath Lantern, right?""I'm a step too late." Xu Qing was on guard but his expression didn't reveal anything as he calmly spoke.At the same time, he was also very puzzled. How did the other party manage to speak with an apple in his mouth?Noticing Xu Qing's gaze, the captain's expression didn't change at all. He took a bite of the apple and let it fall from his mouth, catching it with his right hand. He glanced at Xu Qing ostentatiously and then at the sharp iron pieces on the surrounding corpses."This is the damage caused by your magic boat, right? That brat Zhang San has invested a lot in your magic boat. Also, when are you going to return the 2,000 spirit stones you owe me?""No money."Xu Qing looked at the small apple in the captain's hand and expressionlessly took out a very large apple from his storage bag to eat.The captain was stunned. He looked at the big apple in Xu Qing's hand and then at his little apple. He felt that his apple didn't taste good anymore."Stop acting. Your acting skills are too lousy. I was the one who taught it to you. Isn't it just a Spirit Breath Lantern? What's there to hide? I don't fancy that thing. I don't want it even if it's given to me. It's not even a life lantern." The captain's tone was a little sour.Xu Qing didn't speak."Why aren't you asking what a life lantern is?" The captain was surprised.Xu Qing looked at the captain and asked."What is a life lantern?"The captain sighed."Seeing that you're my team member and owe me 2,000 spirit stones, I'll tell you.""The Spirit Breath Lantern is actually a replica. It's a replica of the life lantern, and the copy quality is inferior.""You should know about the Mystic Brilliance Form of Foundation Building cultivators, right? That's an explosive state from igniting the life fire in one's body. There are three life fire at most.""Forming the first ball of life fire is the early-stage Foundation Building realm. Forming the second ball is the mid-stage Foundation Building realm. When the third ball of life fire appears, it will be the sign of the late-stage Foundation Building realm. In theory, the cultivator can attempt to form their Core now.""As for forming the fourth ball of life fire, that requires great opportunities. It was the same even before the god's fragmented face arrived.""However, there's a type of extraordinary people. They are the direct descendants of the ancient kings and sovereigns. The path they take is completely different from ordinary cultivators. When they reach the Foundation Building realm, because of their incomparable bloodline and emperor-level cultivation arts, they don't give birth to life fire but life lanterns!""One life lantern is equivalent to the might of two balls of life fire!!""Life fire has no roots, but life lantern has a foundation. The former is like willow catkins, while the latter is like a boulder. The difference is obvious.""If you have a life lantern in your body, you can fight those above your level. If you have two life lanterns, you'll basically be unrivaled among Foundation Building cultivators and already have the qualifications to form your Core. If you have three life lanterns, you'll be the number one person among all races below the Golden Core Realm. Of course, it is a different matter if the opponent also has life lanterns.""Because the ancient kings and sovereign have been gone for many eras, there is no one who can cultivate life lanterns anymore in this era. Only some peerless heaven's chosen from the Wanggu Continent will obtain a life lantern with their background and monstrous opportunities.""As for the life lanterns they get, they were all passed down from the descendants of the deceased ancient kings and sovereigns. After the person with the life lantern dies, the life lantern will scatter. If others obtain it, they can fuse it into their bodies and make it their own life lantern.""Of course, you don't have to think about these. Just treat it as giving you some common information. Life lanterns are legendary items. Any one of them can cause the large sects in the Wanggu Continent to take action.""Let's not talk about this. If you want to reach the Foundation Building realm, you should try to obtain more Foundation Building Pills. However, your luck isn't bad. Coincidentally, I know that the merfolk race has a large pill vault and there should be a lot of Foundation Building Pills inside. Come with me. There's nothing good on the Merfolk Islands.""The real good stuff is in the underwater world below. Let's go quickly. That brat Zhang San should have already reached there." The captain licked his lips and his eyes gleamed as he pointed to the ground.Xu Qing's heart trembled when he heard about the life lanterns. He thought of the guiding power of the Spirit Breath Lantern and his heart couldn't help but race."Life lantern?"
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 188 There Are Always Honest People
Xu Qing glanced at the ground.He wanted to take a look at the location that the resonance pointed out and see what was there. The jade slip that Huang Yan had given him also described the underground of the merfolk's island.Due to the characteristics of the merfolk race, the clan's territory was divided into two levels. One was the surface world formed by the cities built on islands with bones or shells.They liked bones. Regardless of whether it was fish bones, beast bones, or nonhuman bones, they were all things they were passionate about. The more sinister and evil they were, the greater their fondness for them.It was as though this was the cultural inheritance buried in the very depths of the soul of every merfolk.As for the second level, it was underwater.There were no caves here on the underwater. It consisted of just an earth layer spanning across the entire underside of the island with inverted architectural complexes built while directly submerged in the seaAs for the appearance of the Merfolk Island as a whole, it was actually like a floating leaf. The inverted buildings were being held by some strange force.In Huang Yan's jade slip, the world that the merfolk had built under the sea was described as gorgeous.It was said that all the buildings there were formed from countless multicolored corals. There were also a large number of sea anemone, covered in barbed tentacles, on the corals.As for the exact appearance, Xu Qing didn't know."Let's go. There's nothing good here. Let's go to the fish eye. That's the entrance." The captain rushed into the distance.Xu Qing chose to follow but he maintained a certain distance. His relationship with the captain was a little strange. He trusted the latter but not too much.Xu Qing still felt that the captain was mysterious and it was very difficult for him to guess the other party's thoughts. He instinctively felt danger from the other party.With his current cultivation level, he could fight against Foundation Building cultivators, but he still felt the captain was stronger.In fact, he would check the captain's aura every time he broke through. However, every time, he would feel that the other party was slightly stronger than him.This made him even more vigilant.Just like that, the two of them sped through Fishbone City. Their target was the location of the fish eyes. According to what the captain said or what the jade slip described, that place was the entrance to the underwater world.They also saw many Seven Blood Eyes disciples on their way.These people were either speeding in the dark or exploring the buildings. There were also some who specifically looked for the merfolk corpses to see if there were any spirit stones hidden.There was even a portion of them who were lying in ambush. They targeted both the merfolk race and other sect members..They were like a group of hyenas. They were good at hiding and hunting. However, after seeing Xu Qing and the captain, they quickly retreated.It was unknown if it was because they were afraid of the captain or Xu Qing."Do you see those guys? Many of them could have broken through long ago but they suppressed their cultivation just to come here to make a fortune.""All of them have noses that are even sharper than a dog's. Heavens… Look over there, they actually didn't even let go of someone's house. This is too much." The captain pointed into the distance where a few disciples were demolishing a building.This building was special. It was actually made of some spiritual shells.Xu Qing's eyes narrowed. At the same time, the captain suddenly rushed over and his cultivation erupted, causing the gazes of the few people who were demolishing the house to flicker a few times before retreating immediately. They didn't even look back and quickly disappeared into the darkness.The captain's eyes lit up. He immediately dismantled the house with great familiarity.Xu Qing also approached and joined in the dismantling, quickly taking away the seashells with strong spirit energy fluctuations."Good stuff. Whose house is this? A small piece of these seashells is worth more than ten spirit stones."Xu Qing didn't speak and moved even faster.After the time it took for half an incense stick to burn out, when the two of them left, this house was already gone. Best n0vel online free at n0νEℓnEXт  On the way, there were many lands that were empty like this. Every time the captain saw them, he would have an indignant expression."This is too much. These old disciples are clearly so powerful but they still came to snatch from us children!" When the captain spoke unhappily, Xu Qing looked at his face.The captain looked to be in his late twenties. "What are you looking at? Am I wrong?" The captain tilted his head and looked at Xu Qing."You're not a kid. I am." Xu Qing calmly spoke. This was the fourth sentence he said after meeting the captain."…" The captain sighed."Vice Captain Xu, it's better for you to remain silent in the future. Don't speak anymore. Oh right, remember to return the 5,000 spirit stones you owe me quickly." With that, the captain sped up.Xu Qing pretended not to hear and silently followed behind. The two of them slowly got closer and closer to the fish head area. Just as they saw the large hole formed in the fish eye location, an explosion rang from afar.Amidst this loud explosion, a merfolk cultivator fled in the sky above the city. A blue light caught up from behind and directly killed him.As the blue light dissipated, it revealed a youth with a flight talisman on him.It was the heaven chosen of the Coast Guard Department, Ding Xiaohai.Ding Xiaohai's expression was solemn as he searched for the other merfolk race members with a sharp glint in his eyes. Wherever he passed, there would be corpses of the merfolk race. Very soon, he found a new target and flew over to kill it.Unless it was convenient, he wouldn't stop to take items. It was as though this would affect his killing speed.At that moment, he was gradually nearing Xu Qing and the captain. He didn't even glance at them as he rushed past them toward a group of merfolk cultivators in the distance.His actions were completely different from the other disciples Xu Qing had seen on his way here.Others wanted to make a fortune, but he was clearly doing it for points!"Good disciple. Xu Qing, did you see that? This is a good disciple of my Seven Blood Eyes!""It's precisely because we have such a disciple that my Seven Blood Eyes' future exists." The captain had a look of admiration on his face. When he sprinted past the place where the other party had rushed toward, he clenched his fist at Ding Xiaohai in a cheering posture."Senior Brother Ding is mighty. All the best, Senior Brother Ding!""Senior Brother Ding, my Black Team Six of the Homicide Department will fully support you in fighting for first place and obtaining the status of a core disciple!"Ding Xiaohai's expression was cold. He glanced at the captain and continued to kill.Xu Qing stared at him. He could feel a sense of persistence from Ding Xiaohai, persistence in becoming the first.The captain sighed with emotion and lowered his head to whisper to Xu Qing behind him."Don't learn from him. He has clearly become stupid from cultivation. What's the use of being a core disciple? He's already about to break through. Once he breaks through, won't he become a purple-robed disciple? At that time, even the core disciples will have to be respectful and polite when they see him. What's the point of working so hard? He has such a sense of belonging to the sect.""Everyone's choices are different. It's not easy to judge this." Xu Qing looked at the captain and said his fifth sentence.The captain smiled and pointed at Xu Qing. Just as he was about to speak, his expression changed. Xu Qing's expression also changed and the two of them instantly retreated at the same time.The instant they retreated, the ground where they were previously at suddenly cracked. Four pitch-black hands stretched out from there. Although they missed, a powerful fluctuation erupted.As the ground collapsed, two figures flew out.These two figures wore black armor and their hair was withered. Their exposed skin showed signs of necrosis. Their eyes were light red and revealed bloodthirst and cruelty as they charged toward Xu Qing and the captain."Sea Corpse Race!""Xu Qing, be careful. These two are at the Perfected Qi Condensation Realm. Although they aren't at the Foundation Building Realm, the Sea Corpse Race is strange. They cultivate with anomalous substances and the anomalous substances in their bodies are dense. They also cultivate corpse poison and have powerful bodies. Don't let yourself be injured too much."The captain quickly spoke. With a wave of his hand, he swept a spear toward the approaching Sea Corpse Race cultivator.At the same time, the ground under Ding Xiaohai also rumbled. A third Sea Corpse cultivator appeared and attacked Ding Xiaohai.The three of them immediately fought separately. The fluctuations of their spells were intense. Xu Qing also sensed the strangeness of the Sea Corpse Race. His all-out punch only blasted the other party back a few steps without any injury.As for the vital points like the neck which was slashed by the dagger, it was directly ignored by the Sea Corpse Race.Ever since Xu Qing arrived at the Seven Blood Eyes, he had seen many nonhuman races. However, this was the first time he had seen such a strange race. This was especially so for the corpse poison emitted by the other party, making him very curious."Between corpse poison and my poison, which is more powerful?"
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 189 Above The Forbidden Region
At that moment, the sea of purple light in the sky was constantly colliding with the black array formation. No one was controlling them, but it was obvious that the difference in their uses made it impossible for them to coexist.Just like the six cultivators fighting at the fish head.A longsword danced in Ding Xiaohai's hand, blooming one sword flower after another formed by the Sea Transformation Art. Every one of them contained astonishing killing intent.He also used a talisman and coupled with his spell, it formed an area that was like a sea area. This allowed him to match the strength of the Sea Corpse Race member.However, anomalous substances and corpse poison were the Sea Corpse Race's main weapons in addition to their savage character. Ding Xiaohai was being pushed back gradually. However, he still had a trump card.As for the captain, the spear in his hand moved like a dragon. It was extremely fast and its style kept on changing. Upon closer inspection, it looked like he was embroidering or carving with it as he moved around the Sea Corpse cultivators.He was clearly at ease. In fact, he didn't even cast a spell or perform a seal. Instead, he took an apple and took a bite from time to time. He even had the time and energy to cheer Ding Xiaohai on."Senior Brother Ding, good job. Senior Brother Ding is mighty. All the best, Senior Brother Ding.""Xu…" After cheering for Ding Xiaohai, the captain was about to cheer for Xu Qing as well. However, just as his gaze swept over, his eyes and mouth widened, almost causing the apple to fall.Xu Qing was holding a dagger in his hand. His speed was so fast that he was leaving afterimages. He was slashing the Sea Corpse Race cultivator while scattering a large amount of poison powder at close range.It was as though he was testing his poison path.While testing the poison, his dagger cut forcefully, cutting off piece after piece of flesh from the Sea Corpse Race cultivator's body.The body of the Sea Corpse cultivator was clearly missing most of the flesh, revealing his bones. As for the ground… it was covered in blue flesh and blood.As for Xu Qing's expression, it didn't change at all. Even though the surroundings were filled with blue blood and it was a shocking sight, his expression was still serious as he continued to attack.In reality, Xu Qing didn't think of this happening either. This Sea Corpse Race cultivator in front of him didn't seem to know pain and most of the poison was useless against him.Even though his neck had been slit, his attacks were still ruthless. It was as though he didn't care about his life. He would often risk being injured to counterattack fiercely.The red light in his eyes seemed like it wanted to tear Xu Qing apart.At the same time, waves of spell fluctuations erupted from his body. The essence of these fluctuations wasn't spirit energy but anomalous substances. They formed black foggy ghost faces in the surroundings which pounced toward Xu Qing.Xu Qing wasn't afraid of anomalous substances but he didn't want to be exposed here. Hence, while dodging with his speed, he also took out a talisman to protect himself. However, a frown appeared on his face.He discovered that even though the other party was injured to such an extent, he was still savage. This caused Xu Qing's killing intent to intensify. While moving around, he stabbed fiercely at the other party's head.A red light flashed in the eyes of the Sea Corpse Race cultivator. He suddenly raised his right hand and welcomed the attack.With the help of his bones, the instant the dagger was stuck, the Sea Corpse Race cultivator suddenly opened its mouth and bit at Xu Qing.Xu Qing's gaze was sharp. He decided not to dodge and directly slammed his head into the other party.The mouth of the Sea Corpse Race member collapsed, his teeth broke, and half of his head shattered under the intense impact.Xu Qing continued to slash.The arms were cut off.The stomach was cut again.The rotting internal organs turned into corpse fluid and flowed out. This kind of injury and cruel attacks caused the eyes of the Sea Corpse Race, which was about to be dismembered, to reveal a rare fear.All of this was the reason why the captain's apple almost fell off.It wasn't that the Sea Corpse Race didn't have emotions, but their emotions were relatively simple. However, no matter how simple it was, the sensation brought about by death was still terrifying. This Sea Corpse Race cultivator no longer wanted to continue fighting and tried to escape.However, Xu Qing didn't agree.He charged forward and got close again. As the dagger danced, a large number of water droplets formed a barrier in all directions, enveloping the Sea Corpse Race member.Amidst the rumbling, the terror in the Sea Corpse Race's eyes grew increasingly intense. He felt this Seven Blood Eyes disciple in front of him was strange. His anomalous substances were useless against this person. From what he knew, this was impossible.Even those heaven chosen from the various races who didn't have any anomalous substances in their bodies were only pure in their bodies. It wasn't that they weren't afraid of anomalous substances. If they were thrown into the forbidden zones, they would still be invaded by the anomalous substances.However, the anomalous substances disappeared as they invaded this person in front of him, as though they were being devoured.At the same time, the corpse poison that the Sea Corpse Race was proud of was also useless against this person. It was as though the other party wasn't afraid of it at all. On the contrary, the other party's poison attacks caused his mind to be unstable.As for the body, because the Sea Corpse Race wasn't afraid of pain, most of them had powerful bodies. However, the other party… seemed to be even stronger.There was also the recovery ability. Due to the uniqueness of the Sea Corpse Race, their recovery ability far surpassed that of other races. However… at that moment, he felt that he was actually inferior to the other party in this aspect."What kind of bizarre existence is this!"The eyes of the Sea Corpse Race cultivator flickered with an intense red light. Xu Qing had already closed in. As he brandished his dagger, the ground was soon covered in blue blood again.Not long later, as Xu Qing's dagger crumbled under the corrosion of the other party's anomalous substances and corpse poison, the Sea Corpse cultivator seized the opportunity and wanted to flee. However, a black cold light instantly chased after him and pierced through his chest. It was the black iron stick.The instant it pierced through the chest of the Sea Corpse Race, the power of the artifact spirit in the iron stick erupted, forming Foundation Building fluctuations that directly destroyed this weak body that was already riddled with holes.The body of the Sea Corpse Race member directly exploded and scattered to the ground. At the same time, the black iron stick suddenly returned to Xu Qing's hand.All the bloodstains on it automatically disappeared as though they had been absorbed.The captain looked at the dismembered Sea Corpse Race on the ground and then at the black iron stick in Xu Qing's hand. Finally, he noticed that Xu Qing was looking at him and instantly felt a little embarrassed.The spear in his hand suddenly distorted and transformed into a stream of water that headed straight for the Sea Corpse Race cultivator fighting him.After an instant of contact, the water quickly coiled around the enemy and let off an astonishing cold air. In the blink of an eye, the water turned into ice, sealing the Sea Corpse Race inside and turning him into a lump of ice.This cold seemed to be able to injure one's soul.Xu Qing's eyes narrowed. He could faintly sense danger from this ice and knew that this wasn't ordinary ice. It should contain some unknown power."Xu Qing, do you see this? You have to be artistic when killing people. You can't rely on brute force alone."The captain coughed and lifted his chin as he proudly took a bite of the apple. He walked forward and knocked on the ice lump. Immediately, cracks spread out and the ice lump collapsed, and the Sea Corpse Race cultivator inside also turned into pieces.This scene caused Xu Qing to be even more vigilant. The Perfected Qi Condensation Realm of the Sea Corpse Race cultivators clearly surpassed the human race's. To be able to kill them so easily was enough to prove that… the captain was stronger."Also, I think your spell can be improved. You can try to fuse poison into your water droplets. This should make it more powerful." The captain glanced at the ground around Xu Qing and said.When Xu Qing heard this, he fell into deep thought. He felt that what the captain said made sense and nodded seriously.Seeing that his words had once again established a powerful image of him in Xu Qing's mind, the captain was happy. Best n0vel online free at n0νEℓnEXт  "Let's go. We have to hurry. If we're late, I'm afraid that kid Zhang San will be gone." As the captain spoke, he headed straight for the fish eyes. As for Ding Xiaohai, he didn't bother with him.Xu Qing didn't bother with him either. As he followed the captain, the image of the captain's attack appeared in his mind as he pondered over his inadequacy and the captain's suggestion."Captain, are Sea Corpse Race cultivators corpses?" When they were about to reach the fish eye, Xu Qing asked.It was rare to hear Xu Qing raise a question. The captain's eyes lit up and he coughed. After glancing at Xu Qing, he calmly spoke."The value of this question…"Xu Qing handed over a large apple. It was larger than the one he had eaten in front of the captain previously.The captain paused and mumbled a few words before accepting the apple and taking a bite."Alright, seeing that you're my team member, I'll tell you. The Sea Corpse Race is a race of revived corpses. Their bodies are very strange.""Their clan's territory is at the edge of the Ninth Forbidden Region.""Do you know what the forbidden region is?" The captain looked at Xu Qing."Forbidden zone?" Xu Qing asked."The place the god looks at when He opens His eyes will turn into a forbidden zone. Then… what if the god opens His eyes and the place He looks at is a forbidden zone?" The captain's expression was deep.Xu Qing's heart stirred. He hadn't thought of this question before. After pondering for a moment, his eyes gleamed. "The forbidden zone that the god looks at will be filled with anomalous substances once again, crossing a certain boundary. Hence… it becomes a forbidden region. The difference between a forbidden zone and a forbidden region is huge." The captain took a bite of the apple and continued to speak."In the forbidden zone, most of the existences are ferocious beasts or bizarre entities. However, in the forbidden region… new intelligent races can be born!""According to the records of the Seven Blood Eyes, there are at least 15 forbidden regions in the entire world. Some of the races in these forbidden zones are known to the outside world, while others are extremely mysterious."In the Endless Sea, there is a forbidden region known as the Corpse Forbidden. The Sea Corpse Race was born in the periphery of that place, and the Nanhuang Continent we are in also has a forbidden region.""That's the Phoenix Forbidden.""You should have heard that there is an emperor in the Phoenix Forbidden called the Flame Phoenix. It is a top-notch divine creature in this world. Although there is a huge difference between It and the god, It is also a similar existence.""This Flame Phoenix was born in the Phoenix Forbidden."When Xu Qing heard the captain's words, intense waves stirred in his heart. At that moment, as the captain's voice rang out, another layer of mystery of this world seemed to have been lifted."Then… what if the god opens His eyes and looks at the forbidden region?" Xu Qing suddenly asked.The captain was silent and didn't speak until he reached the deep pit where the fish eye was. The moment he jumped down, his voice rang out faintly."Since ancient times, there have only been four records of the god looking at the forbidden region.""I also don't know what kind of changes happen to the forbidden regions, but I know that their name is no longer the forbidden region but… the Divine Realm."
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

Chapter 190 Poison Behind You
Xu Qing watched as the captain's figure leaped into the huge deep pit in the fish eye location, and the captain's words seemed to fall as well. However, they did not land in the pit, but in Xu Qing's mind.Those words stirred up waves in his mind that sent ripples continuously.Prior to the captain's explanation, Xu Qing's understanding of the forbidden zones was that they were similar to the jungle beside the scavenger campsite, just that the deeper one went, the stranger, eerie, and dangerous it became.Even for the Phoenix Forbidden on the other side of the Nanhuang Continent, he felt that it was just a larger forbidden zone with more ferocious beasts and bizarre existences.But now, he understood that although his understanding wasn't wrong, it was only the tip of the iceberg.This world was vast. The human race was only one of the races living in it. There were many nonhuman races and dangerous forbidden zones.There were also the forbidden regions above the forbidden zone.Forbidden regions had completely surpassed the level of the forbidden zone and were able to give birth to new races.There was also… the Divine Realm that the captain didn't elaborate on."There are many experts and bizarre existences in this world." Xu Qing thought of the saber-wielding stone statue in the temple he had seen in the forbidden zone, the giant pulling the dragon carriage he had sensed at the bottom of the sea, and the true body of Sea Lizard Island.After a long time, he turned his head and looked at the Sea Corpse Race member who was fighting against Ding Xiaohai. A deep glint appeared in his eyes.The Sea Corpse Race that was born at the edge of the Corpse Forbidden was very strong.At the same level of Perfected Qi Condensation Realm, if the Sea Corpse cultivator had been changed to the merfolk or human cultivators, Xu Qing wouldn't be so slow in killing them. He would have been much faster."What about the Foundation Building cultivators of the Sea Corpse Race?" Xu Qing was inwardly vigilant. He believed that there would definitely be other members of the Sea Corpse Race under the deep pit and there would definitely be Foundation Building cultivators among them.Although the array formation in the sky suppressed the enemy's cultivation to the Qi Condensation Realm, Xu Qing had no choice but to be vigilant against the Sea Corpse Race.This was more so when the array formation seemed to be becoming more and more unstable.Xu Qing fell silent. The more he understood the mysteries of this world, the more he felt that he was too weak. The thought of reaching Foundation Building as soon as possible became even more intense.Xu Qing drew in a deep breath and his gaze regained its sharpness. He then leaped toward the deep pit in the fish eye.This deep pit was like a tunnel. It was wide and so deep that the end couldn't be seen.When Xu Qing jumped in, he could only see the captain's figure descending rapidly like a small dot. He didn't control his speed, but moved with the natural falling force while checking his surroundings.The soil around the deep pit was pitch-black. The deeper one went, the more humid it became. There was also a large amount of ringworm-like vegetation everywhere. He occasionally saw a few small black flowers that gave off a sinister aura.The humidity continued to increase. Soon, Xu Qing heard a splashing sound coming from the captain's side. This sound didn't sound like someone had attacked him but more like he had landed on water.Xu Qing immediately circulated his cultivation base. As he lifted his right hand, the black iron stick appeared and pierced into the soil beside him.With the help of the iron stick, Xu Qing's speed slowly slowed down. Shortly after, he saw water below.The surface of the water was pitch-black and he couldn't see what was inside. However, it was obvious that this passageway was far from the end. The rest of the journey would require him to sink into the water.Xu Qing scattered some poison powder.He waited for some time to confirm that there was nothing wrong. Just in case, he placed all the items that could be damaged by water in his storage bag. He then used the Sea Transformation Art to form a protective barrier to block the water. Only then did he sink and continue forward.However, not long after he entered the water, Xu Qing became cautious. n,0,v,e,1,b,i,n[dot]n,e,t  He didn't see the captain's figure.It was as though some unknown danger hidden in this pitch-black passageway devoured the captain's figure completely.Xu Qing immediately took out a pouch filled with all kinds of poison powder from his storage bag and sent it out of his protective barrier, causing the pouch to fuse into the water. It was quickly soaked and a large amount of poison mixed into the water.As it spread in all directions, Xu Qing grabbed the pouch and his body continued to sink.Wherever he passed, the black seawater would turn even darker under the influence of the poison.Perhaps it was because Xu Qing's poison was very invasive, he didn't encounter any danger on the way down. When he gradually reached the end of the tunnel, there wasn't much poison left in the pouch.Xu Qing didn't stop. He threw the pouch to the exit of the tunnel. The pouch opened in the water, causing the remaining poison in it to be released like ink, churning rapidly in all directions.It would be fine if there were no enemies lying in ambush there. However, if there were ambushers, this poisonous water would be enough to make them regret this choice.At the next instant, as the poisonous water churned, miserable cries rang out. Six merfolk cultivators lying in ambush retreated in the poisonous water and their bodies turned greenish-black rapidly. As they continued to rot, a cold glint rose in Xu Qing's eyes as he rushed out of the exit.The instant he left, he could sense waves of spell fluctuations in all directions. There were also muffled roars and shouts.A chaotic battle was going on.At the same time, a gorgeous and wondrous underwater world appeared in front of Xu Qing.Compared to the surface of the island, everything here was reversed. However, if one reversed their body here and stepped on the soil on the back of the island, they could clearly see that there were countless seven-colored corals.It was as though the entire world was made up of corals. These corals were used to build luxurious buildings everywhere and on those corals, there were a large number of sea anemone.The center of the sea anemone was red and its grayish-white tentacles were like sharp teeth. It also had barbed tentacles that extended and swayed in the sea. These tentacles were of different lengths. Some were hundreds of feet long and some were ten to twenty feet long. There was light flowing on them, causing the entire world under the sea to look extremely gorgeous.In the direction of the bottom of the sea, there were countless translucent eggs floating. Each of these eggs was the size of a seven or eight-year-old child. One could see the children of the merfolk race inside.This place was the undersea world that the merfolk race had built on the back of the island. It was also where their true foundation was. As Xu Qing noticed all this clearly, he also saw the battles that were everywhere.A large number of Seven Blood Eyes disciples were snatching the corals and all the valuable items here. As for the merfolk cultivators, they fought back ferociously.Because they were under the sea, the blood fused into the seawater and turned into balls of blood mist. Xu Qing had not finished observing the whole situation when a cold glint flashed in his eyes and he slammed back fiercely, colliding with a merfolk cultivator who wanted to launch a sneak attack.The flesh and bones of the merfolk cultivator shattered, emitting a large amount of blood mist. A sea anemone at the side suddenly opened its mouth and bit at Xu Qing.The tentacles in the surroundings rapidly moved toward him, but as soon as they got close, they withered. It was the same for the sea anemone. Before it could bite down, it withered and turned pitch-black.Ignoring the sea anemone, Xu Qing continued to survey his surroundings while moving forward.On the underwater battlefield, the merfolk race wasn't the only one fighting against the Seven Blood Eyes' disciples. Xu Qing also saw the cultivators of the Sea Corpse Race. With a glance, there were about a hundred Sea Corpse Race members scattered around.Every one of them was very savage. Seven to eight of them even had fluctuations that were infinitely close to the Foundation Building realm. More than five Seven Blood Eyes disciples were needed to suppress one of them.Xu Qing suddenly lifted his right hand and the black iron stick rushed out, heading straight for a figure rushing toward him from the left. Under the other party's horror, it pierced through the space between his brows and returned to Xu Qing's side.Xu Qing didn't stop and continued speeding.He did not take the initiative to attack. Killing wasn't his priority on this trip. After coming to this underwater world, he judged the approximate location of the fluctuations he had sensed from the Spirit Breath Lantern. He wanted to leave this battlefield and take a look at that place to confirm if there was really the item he was hoping for.Just as Xu Qing was shuttling through the battlefield, he suddenly felt a sense of danger.Xu Qing stopped in his tracks and looked into the distance.Almost at the same time he looked over, dozens of different merfolks appeared at the edge of the battlefield.These merfolks were wearing white robes and the fluctuations emitted by their bodies were very strange. It wasn't anomalous substances or spirit energy but something indescribable. After Xu Qing sensed it, he thought of the divinity contained in his magic boat.His eyes narrowed.And beside every such merfolk, there were some ferocious and strange beasts!Some of these strange beasts were in human form but their bodies were slender. They were dozens of feet tall and looked like bamboo sticks. However, their heads were huge and their green skin emitted a strange aura.There were also those who looked completely like giants but had two heads filled with cruelty. As they walked forward, they were also biting each other.There were also huge eyeballs that were covered in pustules. However, there was an extremely long tongue in their pupils.There were also some rotting small sharks with countless rotting weapons stabbed into their bodies."Divine priest!" The introduction of a type of special cultivator among the merfolk cultivators in the little fatty's jade slip appeared in Xu Qing's mind.There were very few such cultivators and they called themselves divine priests. Their spells weren't spirit energy but borrowed from the gods they believed in, so they were named divine arts.And those strange beasts were the manifestation of their divine arts!Their appearance brought a huge impact on the battlefield, causing some chaos among the Seven Blood Eyes' disciples. However, the Seven Blood Eyes' disciples were ferocious people who had experienced the Gu nurturing. There were many who had their eyes on these divine priests.After all, in the merfolk race, the hierarchy of the divine priests was extremely high and their wealth exceeded that of ordinary cultivators.Xu Qing didn't participate in this. He retracted his gaze from those divine priests and was about to leave. However, at that moment, a strange expression appeared on his face.He saw a miserable-looking corpse crawling rapidly on the battlefield not far away.This corpse was covered in blood and its entire body was covered in shocking wounds.It would occasionally crawl and pause. When it passed by the corpses of the merfolk and Seven Blood Eyes cultivators, the corpse would rummage through them with familiarity. After taking the items, it continued to crawl.If it encountered a powerful enemy, the corpse would immediately lie motionless and pretend to be dead. However, if the person's cultivation was ordinary, the moment they passed by, the corpse would suddenly sneak attack. After killing the target, it would quickly run to another side and continue pretending to be a corpse…Although the other party's disguise was very good, Xu Qing still recognized him."Senior Brother Zhang San…"The moment Xu Qing saw Zhang San, there was an energy fluctuation behind him. Xu Qing rushed forward and abruptly turned around. Just as he was about to throw the black iron stick in his right hand, an anxious voice rang out."It's me, Deputy Captain Xu."It was the captain.However… the current captain was a little different from what Xu Qing had seen outside.His body was greenish-black and there were familiar signs of poisoning. His lips were purple and he was swallowing antidotes as he walked.
626b98343a4ebad59b93445f
This chapter upload first at: NovelBin.Com 

